Harry Potter and the Sorcerer/Philosopher Stone
Scene:

A neighbourhood on a street called Privet Drive. An owl, sitting on the street sign flies off to reveal a mysterious appearing old man walking through a forest near the street. He stops at the start of the street and takes out a mechanical device and zaps all the light out of the lampposts. He puts away the device and a cat meows. The man, ALBUS DUMBLEDORE, looks down at the cat, which is a tabby and is sitting on a brick ledge.



Dumbledore: I should have known that you would be here...Professor McGonagall.



The cat meows, sniffs out and the camera pans back to a wall. The cats shadow is seen progressing into a human. There are footsteps and MINERVA MCGONAGALL is revealed.



McGonagall: Good evening, Professor Dumbledore. Are the rumours true, Albus?



Dumbledore: I'm afraid so, Professor. The good, and the bad.

McGonagall: And the boy?

Dumbledore: Hagrid is bringing him.

McGonagall: Do you think it wise to trust Hagrid with something as important as this?

Albus: Ah, Professor, I would trust Hagrid with my life.



There is a motor sound, and the two professors look up to see a flying motorcycle coming down from the air. It skids on the street and halts. A large man, RUBEUS HAGRID, takes off his goggles.



Hagrid: Professor Dumbledore, Sir. Professor McGonagall.

Dumbledore: No problems, I trust, Hagrid?

Hagrid: No, sir. Little tyke fell asleep just as we were flying over Bristol. Heh. Try not to wake him. There you go.



Hagrid hands a baby in a blanket over to Dumbledore.



McGonagall: Albus, do you really think its safe, leaving him with these people? I've been watching them all day. They're the worst sort of Muggles imaginable. They really are

Dumbledore: The only family he has.



They stop outside a house.



McGonagall: This boy will be famous. There wont be a child in our world who doesn't know his name.

Dumbledore: Exactly. He's better off growing up away from all that. Until he is ready.



Hagrid coughs and sniffles, he is crying. He clears his throat.



Dumbledore: There, there, Hagrid. It's not really good-bye, after all.



Hagrid nods. Dumbledore takes a letter and places it on the baby, who is now at the foot of the door. The baby has a visible lightning-bolt shaped scar on his forehead.



Dumbledore: Good luck...Harry Potter.



The camera pans into the scar and the opening title shows:

HARRY POTTER AND THE PHILOSOPHER'S STONE


Almost ten years after the: DURSLEY's home. The camera pans on a sleeping boy, almost eleven, with a lightning-bolt shaped scar on his forehead.

There is a click, and knocking. Outside, a tall woman, PETUNIA DURSLEY, raps the door.



Petunia: Up. Get up. {Knocks} {sighs} Now! {Smacks door of closet which is the boys bedroom}



A large, tubby boy, DUDLEY DURSLEY, suddenly comes running down the stairs above the closet. He stops half-way down and goes back, jumping on the staircase.



Dudley: Wake up, cousin! We're going to the zoo!



Dudley laughs, comes down the stairs and runs for the kitchen. The boy, HARRY POTTER, tries to come out of the closet, but is pushed back in by Dudley.



Petunia is in the kitchen, where Dudley has gone.



Petunia: Oh, here he comes, the birthday boy!



A larger man, VERNON DURSLEY, is sitting at the kitchen table.



Vernon: Happy birthday, son.



Petunia and Dudley giggle together. Harry comes into the kitchen, dressed in rags.



Petunia: Why don't you just cook the breakfast, and try not to burn anything.

Harry: Yes, Aunt Petunia.



He sets to work.



Petunia: I want everything to be perfect for my Dudley's special day.

Vernon: Hurry up! Bring my coffee, boy!

Harry: Yes, Uncle Vernon.



Petunia leads Dudley over to the family room, where there are a vast amount of presents. Dudley stares.



Dudley: How many are there?

Vernon: Thirty-six. Counted 'em myself.

Dudley: Thirty-six?! But last year last year I got thirty-seven!!

Vernon: Yes, well, some of them are quite a bit bigger than last year!

Dudley: I don't care how big they are!

Petunia: Oh, now, now, now. This is what we're going to do, is that when we go out we're going to buy you two new presents! How's that, Pumpkin?



Scene:

Outside, morning. The happy family is heading to the car. Harry goes to get in but is stopped by Vernon.



Petunia: This will be a lovely day at the zoo. I'm really looking forward to it.

Vernon: I'm warning you now, boy. Any funny business, any at all, and you won't have any meals for a week. Get in.



Scene:

The zoo. The family is in the reptile house, looking at a large BOA CONSTRICTOR.



Dudley: Make it move.

Vernon raps the glass of the cage.



Vernon: Move!



Dudley raps the glass much harder, and Vernon winces.



Dudley: MOVE!

Harry: He's asleep!

Dudley: He's boring.



Dudley and his parents retreat to another enclosure. Harry is left with the snake.



Harry: Sorry about him. He doesn't understand what it's like, lying there day after day, having people press their ugly faces in on you.



The snake looks up and blinks.



Harry: Can you...hear me? {The snake nods} It's just...I've never talked to a snake before. Do you...I mean...do you talk to people often? {The snake shakes its head} You're from Burma, aren't you? Was it nice there, do you miss your family? {The snake turns its head in the direction of a sign which says, Bred in Captivity} I see. That's me as well. I never knew my parents, either.



The now awake snake has attracted Dudley's attention. He rips over to the cage, knocking Harry to the floor.



Dudley: Mummy, dad, come here! You won't believe what this snake is doing!!



Dudley puts his hands on the glass wall. Harry, from the ground, glares at him. Suddenly, the glass disappears. Dudley wretches forward.



Dudley: Whoa! Ahh! Ahh!!



Dudley falls into the snake enclosure, sputtering in a pool of water. The snake gets out of the exhibit, stopping in front of Harry.



Snake: Thankssssssss.

Harry: Anytime.



The snake starts off.



Man: SNAKE!



There is a lot of screaming as the snake heads for freedom. Dudley gets up to get out, but the glass is now back over the enclosure. He is stuck. He pounds the glass.



Dudley: Mum, mummy!

Petunia: {Sees him} AHH!

Dudley: Mum, help! Help me!

Petunia: My darling boy! How did you get in there?!

Harry: {Grins and giggles}



Vernon glares down at him and Harry's grin disappears. Petunia continues screaming: How did you get in there? Dursley, oh, Dursley!



Scene:

Back at the Dursley's. Petunia and a bundled up Dudley come in.

Petunia: It's all right. It's all right.



They disappear around the corner. Harry and Vernon enter. Vernon slams the door and shoves Harry against a wall, taking his hair.



Harry: Ow!

Vernon: What happened?

Harry: I swear I don't know! One minute the glass was there and then it was gone! It was like magic!

Vernon: {Scoffs and shoves Harry into the closet} There's no such thing as magic!



Scene:

Outside, some time later. An owl flies by the house and drops a letter, which zooms in the letterbox. It lands away from the house and hoots.

Harry, inside, goes to collect the mail. He sorts through the letters and sees his, addressed to him. He goes into the kitchen, hands Vernon the rest of the mail, and walks around the other side of the table to see his letter.



Vernon: Ah, Marge is ill. Ate a funny whelk.

Dudley: {Sees Harrys letter. He runs and grabs it} Dad, look! Harry's got a letter!!

Harry: Hey, give it back! It's mine!

Vernon: {Laughs} Yours? Who'd be writing to you?



The family gathers to look at the address. There is a broken seal on the letter. The family looks up and Harry gulps.



Scene:

Another owl flies by with a letter and drops it off. Inside, Vernon grabs a handful of letters and rips them up.

In the closet, Harry hears a whirring noise. He looks out at Vernon drilling wood over the letterbox opening.



Vernon: No more mail through this letterbox.



Scene:

Outside, Vernon and Petunia appear. Vernon is about to head off to work. Petunia kisses his cheek.



Petunia: Have a lovely day at the office, dear.



She stops, looks and sees a bunch of owls.



Vernon: Shoo! Go on!



Scene:

Inside. Vernon is tossing letters into the fireplace. Harry comes around the corner. Vernon grins evilly and tosses more in.



Scene:

Living/Family room. The family is sitting around, Harry is serving cookies.



Vernon: Fine day Sunday. In my opinion, best day of the week. Why is that, Dudley?



Dudley shrugs.



Harry: {Hands cookie to Vernon} Because there's no post on Sunday? Ah, right you are, Harry. No post on Sunday. Hah! No blasted letters today. No, sir. {Harry sees a shadow outside the window. Outside, millions of owls are perched.} No sir, not one blasted, miserable---



A letter shoots out of the fireplace and zips across Vernons face. There is a rumbling and then zillions of letters come shooting out of the fireplace.



Dudley: AHH! Make it stop! Please make it stop! {He jumps on Petunias lap}

Petunia and Vernon: {Screaming}

Vernon: Go away, ahh!

Dudley: What is it? Please tell me what's happening!



Harry jumps onto the coffee table to grab a letter. He gets one and starts to run away. Vernon jumps up as well.



Vernon: Give me that! Give me that letter!



He chases Harry and grabs him before Harry gets into his closet.



Harry: Get off! Ahh!

Vernon: Ahh!

Harry: They're my letters! Let go of me!

Vernon: That's it! We're going away! Far away! Where they can't find us!

Dudley: Daddy's gone mad, hasnt he?!



Scene:

A house, on a rock island somewhere out at sea. The family is sleeping, with Harry on the cold, dirt floor. He has drawn a birthday cake which reads, Happy Birthday Harry. Harry looks at Dudley's watch, which beeps 12:00.



Harry: Make a wish, Harry. {Blows}



Suddenly, the door thumps. Harry jumps. The door thumps again and Dudley and Harry jump up and back away. Petunia and Vernon appear, Vernon with a gun. The door bangs again and then cracks open, and a giant man appears.



Vernon: Who's there? Ahh!

Hagrid: Sorry 'bout that. {He puts the door back up}

Vernon: I demand that you leave at once, Sir! You are breaking and entering!

Petunia: Ooh.



Hagrid comes over, grabs the gun and bends it upwards.



Hagrid: Dry up, Dursley, you great prune. {The gun fires}

All: Ahh!

Hagrid: {sees Dudley} Mind, I haven't seen you since you was a baby, Harry, but you're a bit more along than I would have expected. Particularly 'round the middle!

Dudley: I-I-I'm not Harry.

Harry appears: I-I am.

Hagrid: Oh, well, of course you are! Got something for ya. 'Fraid I might have sat on it at some point! I imagine that it'll taste fine just the same. Ahh. Baked it myself. {Hands Harry the cake} Words and all. Heh.

Harry: Thank you! {Opens cake, which reads: Happee Birdae Harry.}

Hagrid: It's not every day that your young man turns eleven, now is it?



Hagrid sits down on the couch, takes out an umbrella and points it at the empty fire. Poof, poof! Two sparks fly out and the fire starts. The family gapes.



Harry: {puts cake down} Excuse me, who are you?

Hagrid: Rubeus Hagrid. Keeper of keys and grounds at Hogwarts. Course, you'll know all about Hogwarts.

Harry: Sorry, no.

Hagrid: No? Blimey, Harry, didn't you ever wonder where your mum and dad learned it all?

Harry: Learnt what?

Hagrid: You're a wizard, Harry.

Harry: I-I'm a what?

Harry: A wizard. And a thumping good one at that, I'd wager. Once you train up a little.

Harry: No, you've made a mistake. I can't be...a-a wizard. I mean, I'm just... Harry. Just Harry.

Hagrid: Well, Just Harry, did you ever make anything happen? Anything you couldn't explain when you were angry or scared? {Harry softens his expression} Ah.

Dudley: {whimpers}



Hagrid hands Harry the same letter that has been sent the past while. Harry opens it.



Harry: Dear, Mr. Potter. We are pleased to inform you that you have been accepted at Hogwarts' School of Witchcraft and Wizardry!

Vernon: Hell not be going! We swore when we took him in wed put an end to this rubbish!

Harry: You knew?? You knew all along and you never told me?

Petunia: Of course we knew. How could you not be? My perfect sister being who she was. Oh, my mother and father were so proud the day she got her letter. We have a witch in the family. Isn't it wonderful? I was the only one to see her for what she was. A freak! And then she met that Potter, and then she had you, and I knew you'd be just the same, just as strange, just as ... abnormal. And then, if you please, she went and got herself blown up! And we got landed with you.

Harry: Blown up? You told me my parents died in a car crash!

Hagrid: A car crash? A car crash kill James and Lily Potter?

Petunia: We had to tell him something.

Hagrid: It's an outrage! It's a scandal!

Vernon: He'll not be going!

Hagrid: Oh, and I suppose a great Muggle like yourself's going to stop him, are you?

Harry: Muggle?

Hagrid: Non magic folk. This boy's had his name down ever since he was born! He's going to the finest school of witchcraft and wizardry in the world, and he'll be under the greatest headmaster Hogwarts' has ever seen: Albus Dumbledore.

Vernon: I will not pay for some crackpot old fool to teach him magic tricks!

Hagrid: {whips out umbrella and points it at Vernon} Never insult Albus Dumbledore in front of me.



Hagrid sees Dudley eating Harry's cake, and points the umbrella at his rear. A grey tail grows.



Dudley: Ahh!

All: Ahh! {family chases Dudley}

Harry: {laughs}

Hagrid: Oh, um, I'd appreciate if you didn't tell anyone at Hogwarts about that. Strictly speaking, I'm not allowed to do magic.

Harry: {Nods} Okay.

Hagrid: {checks a clock} Ooh, we're a bit behind schedule. Best be off. Unless you'd rather stay, of course. Hmm? {Leaves}



Harry grins, looks back, and grins again.



Scene:

Streets of London. Hagrid and Harry are walking.

Harry: All students must be equipped with...one standard size two pewter cauldron and may bring if they desire either an owl, a cat or a toad. Can we find all this in London?

Hagrid: If you know where to go.



They go to a corner store and enter, The Leaky Cauldron.

{Music and talking}



Barkeep Tom: Ah, Hagrid! The usual, I presume?

Hagrid: No thanks, Tom. I'm on official Hogwarts business today. Just helping young Harry here buy his school supplies.

Tom: Bless my soul. It's Harry Potter.



The pub goes silent. A man comes up and shakes Harrys hand.



Man: Welcome back, Mr. Potter, welcome back.



A witch comes up and shakes Harrys hand, as well.



Witch: Doris Crockford, Mr. Potter. I can't believe I'm meeting you at last.



A man in robes with a turban on his head appears. It is PROFESSOR QUIRRELL.



Quirrell: Harry P-potter. C-can't tell you how pleased I am to meet you.

Hagrid: Hello, Professor. I didn't see you there. Harry, this is Professor Quirrell. He'll be your Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher at Hogwarts.

Harry: Oh, nice to meet you. {Puts out hand. Quirrell refuses}

Quirrell: F-fearfully fascinating subject. N-not that you need it, e-eh, Potter? Heheh.

Hagrid: Yes, well, must be going now. Lots to buy. Heh.

Harry: Good-bye.



The two leave into a back room winery in front of a brick wall.



Hagrid: See, Harry, you're famous!

Harry: But why am I famous, Hagrid? All those people back there, how is it they know who I am?

Hagrid: I'm not exactly sure I'm the right person to tell you that, Harry. {Taps the brick wall clockwise with his umbrella. The blocks shift and open up to reveal a hidden, busy street.}

Welcome, Harry, to Diagon Alley.



Harry grins broadly as they step into the street and walk down it. An owl screeches.



Hagrid: Here's where you'll get your quills and ink, and over there all your bits and bobs for doing your wizardry.



Harry is amazed as they pass by shops and owls and bats. The camera pans on a broom store, where a group of boys are crowded around a shiny broom.



Boy: It's a world class racing broom. Look at it, its the new Nimbus 2000! It's the fastest model yet.

Harry: But, Hagrid, how am I to pay for all this? I haven't any money.

Hagrid: Well there's your money, Harry. Gringotts, the Wizard Bank. T'aint no place safer, 'cept perhaps Hogwarts.



Inside the bank, they walk down the shiny aisle, passing tiny creatures working.



Harry: Uh, Hagrid, what exactly are those things?

Hagrid: They're goblins, Harry. Clever as they come goblins but not the most friendly of beasts. Best stick close to me. {Harry sticks to him.} {Hagrid clears his throat as they approach a counter with a goblin in it.} Mr. Harry Potter wishes to make a withdrawal.



The goblin looks up.



Goblin: And does Mr. Harry Potter have his key?

Hagrid: Oh. Wait a minute. Got it here somewhere. Hah. Here's the little devil. Oh, and there's something else as well. Professor Dumbledore gave me this. It's about you-know-what in vault you-know-which. {Hands Goblin letter wrapped in string.}

Goblin: Very well.



Scene:

Racing down the depth caverns in a cartlike structure. The cart stops, a goblin, GRIPHOOK, clambers out.



Griphook: Vault 687. Lamp, please. {Hagrid hands him the lamp and he walks to the vault} Key please. {Hagrid hands him the key and he unlocks it}



The room is filled nearly top to bottom with coins. Harry is amazed.



Hagrid: Didn't think your mum and dad would leave you with nothing, now didja?



They continue on through the cavern.



Griphook: Vault 713.

Harry: What's in there, Hagrid?

Hagrid: Can't tell you, Harry. It's Hogwarts business. Very secret.

Griphook: Stand back. {Slides finger down the door. Clank. Clank. The vault opens to expose a small white stone package. Hagrid hurries in and scoops it up. The eerie light it was shining with disappears.}



Hagrid: Best not mention this to anyone, Harry.

Harry nods.



Scene: Outside in the street, walking.



Harry: I still need...a wand.

Hagrid: A wand? Well, you'll want Ollivanders. No place better. Run along there, but wait. I just got one more thing I got to do. Won't be long.



Harry goes into the store, quietly. He looks around. There are shelves of wands, but no people.



Harry: {Softly} Hello? Hello?



There is a thunk. A man appears on a ladder and looks at Harry. He smiles.



Ollivander: I wondered when I'd be seeing you, Mr. Potter. It seems only yesterday that your mother and father were in here buying their first wands. {Picks a wand} Ah. Here we are. {Harry holds it but just stands} Well, give it a wave.

Harry: Oh! {waves. All the shelves come crashing down. Harry jumps and hurriedly puts the wand back on the counter.}

Ollivander: Apparently not. {Gets another wand.} Perhaps this. {Harry waves at a vase, which blows apart.} No, no, definitely not! No matter...{gets a wand} I wonder. {Hands wand to Harry. Harry glows under it.} Curious, very curious.

Harry: Sorry, but what's curious?

Ollivander: I remember every wand I've ever sold, Mr. Potter. It just so happens that the phoenix, whose tail feather resides in your wand gave one other feather, just one. It is curious that you should be destined for this wand when its brother gave you that scar. {Points to scar}

Harry: And...who owned that wand?

Ollivander: Oh, we do not speak his name. The wand chooses the wizard, Mr. Potter. It's not always clear why, but I think it is clear that we can expect great things from you. After all, He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named did great things...terrible, yes, but great. {Hands Harry his wand.}



There is a knock on the window.



Hagrid: Harry! Harry! Happy birthday! {Has a snowy owl in a cage which hoots.}

Harry: Wow.



Scene: Later, eating supper. The two, Hagrid and Harry, are at a long table, eating soup.



Hagrid: You all right, Harry? You seem very quiet.

Harry: He killed my parents, didn't he? The one who gave me this. You know, Hagrid, I know you do.

Hagrid: {Sighs and pushes bowl away} First, and understand this, Harry, 'cause it's very important. Not all wizards are good. Some of them go bad. A few years ago there was one wizard who went as bad as you can go. And his name was V-...his name was V-...

Harry: Maybe if you wrote it down?

Hagrid: No, I can't spell it. All right. His name was Voldemort.

Harry: Voldemort?

Hagrid: Shh!!

{Harry looks around}



A flashback ensues, consisting off a cloaked man walking towards a house, breaking in with his wand, and proceeding to terrorize. Hagrid narrates.



Hagrid: It was dark times, Harry, dark times. Voldemort started to gather some followers, brought 'em over to the dark side. Anyone that stood up to him ended up dead. Your parents fought against him, but nobody lived once he decided to kill 'em. {Harrys mother, LILY, screams as she is killed by Voldemorts wand} Nobody...not one. Except you. {close-up of baby Harry.}

Harry: Me? Voldemort tried to kill...me?

Hagrid: Yes. That ain't no ordinary cut on your forehead, Harry. A mark like that only comes from being touched by a curse...and an evil curse at that.

Harry: What happened to Vo-...to You-Know-Who?

Hagrid: Some say he died. Codswallop in my opinion. Nope, I reckon he's out there, still, too tired to go on. But one thing's absolutely certain. Something about you stumped him that night. That's why you're famous, Harry. That's why everbody knows your name. You're the boy who lived.





Scene: London Train Station. Up on a crossing bridge, Harry (with cart and owl) walk beside Hagrid.



A couple look at Hagrid.



Hagrid: What're you looking at? {Looks at watch} Blimey, is that the time?? Sorry, Harry, I'm gonna have to leave you. Dumbledore'll be wanting his...well, he'll be wanting to see me. Now, uh, your train leaves in 10 minutes. Here's your ticket. Stick to it, Harry that's very important. Stick to your ticket.



Harry looks at his golden ticket.



Harry: Platform 9 ¾? But Hagrid, there must be a mistake. This says Platform 9 ¾. There's no such thing...is there? {Harry looks up and Hagrid has vanished.}



Scene: Harry is walking down lane between trains. A man rushes by.



Man: Sorry.

Harry sees a train master.

Harry: Excuse me, excuse me.

Trainmaster: {talking to woman and child} Right on your left, ma'am.

Harry: Excuse me, Sir. Can you tell me where I might find Platform 9 ¾?

Trainmaster: 9 ¾? Think youre being funny, do ya? {Leaves}



A woman, daughter, and four boys walk by, pushing carts.



Mrs. Weasley: It's the same year after year. Always packed with Muggles, of course.

Harry: Muggles?

Mrs. Weasley: Come on. Platform 9 ¾ this way! All right, Percy, you first.



A tall boy with red hair comes forward and runs towards a brick wall. Amazingly, he disappears right into it. Harry is amazed.



Mrs. Weasley: Fred, you next.

George: He's not Fred, I am!

Fred: Honestly, woman, you call yourself our mother!

Mrs. Weasley: Oh, I'm sorry, George.

Fred: I'm only joking. I am Fred. {He runs through the wall, and is followed by his twin brother.}



Harry shakes his head in disbelief.



Harry: Excuse me! C-could you tell me how to

Mrs. Weasley: How to get on the platform? Yes, not to worry, dear. It's Ron's first time to Hogwarts as well. {pan to a red haired boy who smiles} Now, all you've got to do is walk straight at the wall between platforms 9 and 10. Best do it at a bit of a run if youre nervous.

Ginny (daughter): Good luck.



Harry takes a breath and runs at the wall. He shuts his eyes and emerges on the other side a magnificent station with a red train and bundles of people. A whistle blows, and Harry sighs with relief.



Scene: The train is traveling through unknown country. Pan to inside compartment, where Harry is sitting. The red headed boy, RON, appears, dirt on his nose.



Ron: Excuse me, do you mind? Everywhere else is full.

Harry: No, not at all.

Ron: {sits across from Harry} I'm Ron, by the way. Ron Weasley.

Harry: I'm Harry. Harry Potter.

{Ron goes agape.}

Ron: So-so it's true?! I mean, do you really have the...the...

Harry: The what?

Ron: {whispers} Scar...?

Harry: Oh, yeah. {lifts up hair}

Ron: Wicked.

A trolley comes by the compartment, full of sweets.

Woman: Anything off the trolley, dears?

Ron: {Holds up mushed sandwiches} No, thanks, I'm all set. {smacks lips.}

Harry: {pulls out coins} We'll take the lot!

Ron: Whoa!



Scene: Eating bundles of sweets.

Ron's rat, Scabbers, is perched on Ron's knee, a box over its head.



Harry: Bertie Bott's Every Flavour Beans?

Ron: They mean every flavour! There's chocolate and peppermint, and there's also spinach, liver and tripe. George sweared he got a bogey-flavoured one once!



Harry quickly takes the bean he was chewing out of his mouth.



Harry: {picks up blue and gold package} These aren't real chocolate frogs, are they?

Ron: It's only a spell. Besides, it's the cards you want. Each pack's got a famous witch or wizard. I got about 500 meself.

Frog: Ribbit. {The frog jumps onto the window and climbs up, then leaps out the window...disappearing.}

Ron: Oh, that's rotten luck. They've only got one good jump in them to begin with.

Harry: Hey, I got Dumbledore!

Ron: I got about 6 of him.

Harry: Hey, he's gone!

Ron: Well, you can't expect him to hang around all day, can you? {Scabbers squeaks} This is Scabbers, by the way, pitiful, isn't he?

Harry: Just a little bit.

Ron: Fred gave me a spell as to turn him yellow. Want to see?

Harry: Yeah!

Ron: {clears throat} Ahem. Sun-



A girl, HERMIONE GRANGER, with bushy brown hair appears at the doorway.



Hermione: Has anyone seen a toad? A boy named Neville's lost one.

Ron: No.

Hermione: Oh, are you doing magic? Let's see then.

Ron: Aghhhemm. Sunshine, daises, butter mellow, turn this stupid fat rat yellow!

{Zap. Nothing happens. Ron shrugs.}

Hermione: Are you sure that's a real spell? Well, it's not very good, is it? Of course I've only tried a few simple spells myself, and they've all worked for me. For example...{Hermione goes over and sits across from Harry. He points her hand at his glasses and Harry tenses} Oculus Reparo. {The glasses, which noseband is battered, are repaired. Harry takes them off, amazed.} That's better, isn't it? Holy Cricket, you're Harry Potter. I'm Hermione Granger...and you are...?

Ron: {full mouth} I'm...Ron Weasley.

Hermione: Pleasure. You two better change into your robes. I expect we'll be arriving soon. {Gets up and leaves, then comes back and looks at Ron.} You've got dirt, on your nose, by the way, did you know? Just there. {Points} {Ron scratches his nose, embarrassed.}



Scene: Darkness, the train blows its whistle and pulls into an outdoor station. Hagrid walks along the side aisle, with a lantern. People begin pouring out of the train.



Hagrid: Right, then! First years! This way, please! Come on, now, don't be shy! Come on now, hurry up!



Harry and Ron walk up to Hagrid.



Hagrid: Hello, Harry.

Harry: Hey, Hagrid.

Ron: Whoaa!

Hagrid: Right then. This way to the boats! Come on, now, follow me.



Scene:

A number of boats are plugging across a vast lake, where up ahead a huge castle can be seen. People are in awe.

Ron: Wicked.



Scene: On a higher level, Professor McGonagall is waiting. She raps her fingers on a stone railing, and then goes to the top of the stairs to greet the newcomers.



McGonagall: Welcome to Hogwarts. Now, in a few moments, you will pass through these doors and join your classmates. But before you can take your seats you must be sorted into your houses. They are Gryffindor, Ravenclaw, Hufflepuff, and Slytherin. Now, while you are here, your house will be like your family. Your triumphs will earn you house points. Any rule breaking, and you will lose points. At the end of the year, the house with the most points is awarded the house cup



NEVILLE LONGBOTTOM, a scared looking boy, spots his toad sitting near McGonagall. He jumps forward.



Neville: Trevor! {McGonagall stares down at him} Sorry. {He backs away.}

McGonagall: The sorting ceremony will begin momentarily. {leaves}



DRACO MALFOY, a slicked back evil looking boy speaks up.



Draco: It's true then, what they're saying on the train. Harry Potter has come to Hogwarts. {Students whisper, Harry Potter?} This is Crabbe, and Goyle {nods to thugs} and I'm Malfoy...Draco Malfoy. {Ron snickers at his name} Think my name's funny, do you? No need to ask yours. Red hair, and a hand me down robe? You must be a Weasley. Well soon find that some wizarding families are better than others, Potter. Dont want to go making friends with the wrong sort. I can help you there. {extends hand.}

Harry: I think I can tell who the wrong sort are for myself, thanks.



Draco glares. McGonagall returns and smacks him on the shoulder with a paper. He retreats with one last glare.



McGonagall: We're ready for you now.



She leads everyone through two large doors and into the Great Hall, where there are four long tables with many kids, as well as floating candles. The roof appears to be the sky.



Hermione: It's not real, the ceiling. It's just bewitched to look like the night sky. I read about it in Hogwarts: A History.

McGonagall: All right, will you wait along here, please? Now, before we begin, Professor Dumbldedore would like to say a few words.



Dumbledore rises from the main table.



Dumbledore: I have a few start of term notices I wish to announce. The first years please note that the dark forest is strictly forbidden to all students. Also, our caretaker, Mr. Filch {signals to ragged old man with a cat with red eyes} has asked me to remind you that the 3rd floor corridor on the right hand side is out of bounds to everyone who does not wish to die a most painful death. Thank you.

McGonagall: When I call your name, you will come forth, I shall place the sorting hat on your head, and you will be sorted into your houses. Hermione Granger.

Hermione: Oh, no. Okay, relax. {She goes up}

Ron: Mental that one, I'm telling you.

Harry nods in agreement.

Sorting Hat: Ah, right then...hmm...right. Okay...Gryffindor!!

(Cheering)



Hermione jumps off with a smile.



McGonagall: Draco Malfoy.



Draco saunters up proudly. The tattered hat nearly freaks before touching down on Dracos head.



Sorting Hat: SLYTHERIN!



Ron: There isn't a witch or wizard who went bad who wasnt in Slytherin.

McGonagall: Susan Bones.



A small, redhead goes up.

Harry looks around and spots a black haired, pale teacher, SEVERUS SNAPE, looking at him. His scar hurts.



Harry: Ahh! {puts hand on forehead}

Ron: Harry, what is it?

Harry: Nothing...it's nothing, I'm fine.



Sorting Hat: Let's see...I know...Hufflepuff!

McGonagall: Ronald Weasley.



Ron gulps and walks up. He sits down and the hat is put on.



Sorting Hat: Ah! Another Weasley. I know just where to put you...Gryffindor!!

Ron: {Sighs}

(Cheering)



McGonagall: Harry Potter.



Everything goes silent. Harry walks up and sits down.



Sorting Hat: Hmm...difficult, very difficult. Plenty of courage I see, not a bad mind, either. There's talent, oh yes, and a thirst to prove yourself. But where to put you?

Harry: {whispers} Not Slytherin. Not Slytherin.

Sorting Hat: Not Slytherin, eh? Are you sure? You could be great, you know. Its all here in your head. And Slytherin will help you on your way to greatness! There's no doubt about that! No? {Harry whispers: Not Slytherin...anything but Slytherin} Well, if youre sure...better be...GRYFFINDOR!!



There is an immense cheering and Harry goes to the Gryffindor table.

Fred and George are also there, and cheer: We got Potter! We got Potter! Harry sits down.



McGonagall: {dings on a cup} Your attention, please.

Dumbledore: Let the feast...begin.



Food magically appears on all the tables, and the hall is filled with awe and chatter.



Harry: Wow.



Draco looks at all the food, raises his eyebrows and digs in.

Ron stuffs his face.



SEAMUS FINNIGAN, a tiny boy, speaks.



Seamus: I'm half and half. Me dad's a Muggle. Mam's a witch. Bit of a nasty shock for him when he found out.

Neville laughs.



Harry is sitting next to Percy. He leans over.



Harry: Say, Percy, who's that teacher talking to Professor Quirrell?

Percy: Oh, that's Professor Snape, head of Slytherin house.

Harry: What's he teach?

Percy: Potions. But everyone knows it's the Dark Arts he fancies. He's been after Quirrells job for years.



Ron, having just finished a chicken wing, reaches into the bowl for more, and a ghostly head, SIR NICHOLAS, pops out.



Ron: Ahh!

Nick: Hello! How are you? Welcome to Gryffindor.



Numerous ghosts come pouring from the walls, sailing along.



Hufflepuff ghost: Whoo-hoo-hoo!

Girl: Look, its the Bloody Baron!

Percy: Hello, Sir Nicholas. Have a nice summer?

Nick: Dismal. Once again, my request to join the headless hunt has been denied. {Begins to leave}

Ron: Hey, I know you! You're Nearly Headless Nick!

Nick: I prefer Sir Nicholas if you don't mind.

Hermione: Nearly headless? How can you be nearly headless?

Nick: Like this. {Grabs head and pulls it to the side. His head is hanging on just by a thread.}

Ron: Ahh!

Hermione: Eugh.



Scene:

Percy is leading the Gryffindors to the staircases.



Percy: Gryffindors, follow me please. Keep up. Thank you.

Boy: Ravenclaw, follow me. This way.

Percy: This is the most direct path to the dormitories. Oh, and keep an eye on the staircases...they like to change.



The camera pans up and we see a vast amount of staircases, people walking on them, and some switching places.



Percy: Keep up, please, and follow me. Quickly now, come on. Come on. {They begin walking up the stairs}

Neville: Seamus, that picture's moving!

Ron: Look at that one, Harry!

Harry: I think she fancies you.

Girl: Oh, look! Look! Who's that girl?

Man in painting: Welcome to Hogwarts.

Girl: Who's that?



Scene:

Approaching the Gryffindor dorms. They come up to a large painting of a large woman in a pink dress.



Woman: Password?
Percy: Caput Draconis. {The woman nods and the painting opens to reveal a gape in the wall.} Follow me, everyone. Keep up, quickly, come on.

Girl: Oh, wow.

Percy: {Inside common room} Gather 'round here. Welcome to the Gryffindor Common Room. Boys' dormitories, upstairs and down to your left. Girls, the same on your right. You'll find that your belongings have already been brought up.



Scene: Mid-night. Harry is sitting by a window in his pj's, with his owl, Hedwig. He pets the owl and looks out the window, sighing with content.





Scene: Morning. Harry and Ron are running through the stone halls to their class. They rush in. In the class, a tabby cat is sitting on a desk.



Ron: Whew, amazing, can you imagine the look on old McGonagall's face if we were late?



The cat jumps off the desk and turns into Professor McGonagall. The two boys are amazed.



Ron: That was bloody brilliant.

McGonagall: Thank you for that assessment, Mr. Weasley. Maybe if I were to transfigure Mr. Potter and yourself into a pocketwatch, maybe one of you would be on time.

Harry: We got lost.

McGonagall: Then perhaps a map? I trust you don't need one to find your seats.



Scene: Snape's potions class. The students are chattering, sitting near steaming cauldrons. The door slams open and Snape comes rushing in.



Snape: There will be no foolish wand waving or silly incantations in this class. As such, I don't expect many of you to enjoy the subtle science and exact art that is potion making. However, for those select few {looks at Draco, who smiles}, who possess the predisposition, I can teach you how to bewitch the mind and ensnare the senses. I can tell you how to bottle fame, brew glory and even put a stopper {Draco looks on} in death. {Draco raises his eyebrows.} {Snape sees Harry, writing this down, in, his view, not paying attention.} Then again, maybe some of you have come to Hogwarts in possession of abilities so formidable that you feel confidant enough to not...pay...attention.



Hermione nudges Harry in the ribs. He looks up.



Snape: Mr. Potter. Our...new...celebrity. Tell me, what would I get if I added powdered root of asphodel to an infusion of wormwood? {Hermione's hand skyrockets. Harry shrugs.} You don't know? Well, let's try again. Where, Mr. Potter, would you look if I asked you to find me a bezoar? {Hermione's hand shoots up again.}

Harry: I don't know, Sir.

Snape: And what is the difference between Monkshood and Wolfbane?

Harry: I don't know, Sir.

Snape: Pity. Clearly, fame isn't everything, is it, Mr. Potter?



Scene: In the great hall, probably midday. The students are all working on homework.



Seamus is trying a spell on a cup.



Seamus: Eye of rabbit, harp string hum. Turn this water, into rum. {Looks in cup and shakes head.} Eye of rabbit, harp string hum...

Harry: What's Seamus trying to do to that glass of water?

Ron: Turn it into rum. Actually managed a weak tea yesterday, before...



ZAPOOF! The cup explodes. There is laughter amongst the students. Suddenly, a flock of owls start coming into the hall from the rafters above.



Ron: Ah. Mail's here!



The owls soar by, dropping parcels to students. Harry gets nothing. He sees the newspaper Ron has put down.



Harry: Can I borrow this? {Ron nods} Thanks.



Neville is unwrapping a gift. It is a clear ball with gold around it.



Seamus: Hey, look! Neville's got a Remembrall!

Hermione: I've read about those. When the smoke turns red {the smoke turns red}, it means you've forgotten something.

Neville: The only problem is, I can't remember what I've forgotten.

Harry: Hey, Ron, somebody broke into Gringotts. Listen, Believed to be the work of dark witches or wizards unknown, Gringotts goblins, while acknowledging the breach, insist that nothing was taken. The vault in question, number 713, had in fact been emptied earlier that same day. That's odd. That's the vault Hagrid and I went to.



Scene: Outside, flying practice. The students, Gryffindor and Slytherin, are lined up in two rows with brooms by their sides. The teacher, MADAM HOOCH, comes down the line. She has short hair and hawk yellow eyes.



Hooch: Good afternoon, class.

Class: Good afternoon, Madam Hooch.

Hooch: Good afternoon, Amanda, good afternoon. {to class} Welcome to your first flying lesson. Well, what are you waiting for? Everyone step up to the left side of their broomstick. Come on now, hurry up. Stick your right hand over the broom and say, Up!

Class: Up!



Harry's broom flies into his hand.



Harry: Whoa. {Hermione stares as the class continues.}

Draco: Up! {broomstick flies up and Draco smugly grins.}

Hooch: With feeling!

Hermione: Up. Up. Up. Up.

Ron: Up!! {His broom flies up and conks him on the nose} Ow! {Harry laughs} Shut up, Harry. {laughs}

Hooch: Now, once you've got hold of your broom, I want you to mount it. And grip it tight, you don't want to be sliding off the end. {Class mounts} When I blow my whistle, I want each of you to kick off from the ground, hard. Keep your broom steady, hover for a moment, and then lean forward slightly and touch back down. On my whistle...3...2...{tweet!}



Neville immediately lifts off. He looks quite frightened.



Neville: Oh...

Hooch: Mr. Longbottom.

Girl: Neville, what are you doing?

Students: Neville...Neville...

Boy: We're not supposed to take off, yet.

Hooch: {Neville begins soaring away} M-M-Mr. Longbottom Mr. Longbottom!

Neville: AHH!
Hooch: Mr. Longbottom!

Neville: {soars away} Down! Down! Ahhhh!

Harry: Neville! {shouting}

Neville: Help!!!

Hooch: Come back down this instant!

Neville: AHH!



He soars through the sky and hits a wall, conking along it and then swooping off. All the while, he is screaming. He begins to zoom back towards the group of students. Hooch holds out her wand to stop him.



Neville: Help!

Hooch: Mr. Longbottom! {Neville approaches. The students scatter and Hooch dives out of the way. Neville goes through the scatter and up a tower.}

Neville: Ahhhh! Whoa! Ahhh! {zooms past a statue of a man with a sharp spear. Neville's cloak catches on it. He is flipped off the broom and hangs there.} Oh. Ah...help! {He wavers, then the cloak rips, and he falls, catching on a torch, but then slipping out and falling to the ground.} Ahh!

Hooch: Everyone out of the way! {She runs through the group, and they scatter.} Come on, get up.

Girl: Is he alright?

Neville: Owowowow.

Hooch: Oh, oh, oh, oh dear. It's a broken wrist. Tch, tch, tch. Good boy, come on now, up you get. {Draco reaches down and grabs Neville's Remembrall, which has fallen. Hooch begins to lead Neville away with her.} Everyone's to keep their feet firmly on the ground while I take Mr. Longbottom to the hospital wing. Understand? If I see a single broom in the air, the one riding it will find themselves out of Hogwarts before they can say, Quidditch. {Exit.}

Draco: {snickers} Did you see his face? Maybe if the fat lump had given this a squeeze, he'd have remembered to fall on his fat ass. {Laughs.}

Harry: Give it here, Malfoy.

Draco: No. I think I'll leave it somewhere for Longbottom to find. {hops on broom and soars around group, then through.} How 'bout up on the roof?? {soars off and hovers high in the sky.} What's the matter, Potter? Bit beyond your reach?



Harry grabs his broom and runs to get on it. Hermione stops him.



Hermione: Harry, no! You heard what Madam Hooch said! Besides, you don't even know how to fly. {Harry flies off.} What an idiot.



Harry is now in the air, across from Draco.



Harry: Give it here, Malfoy, or I'll knock you off your broom!

Draco: Is that so? {Harry makes a dash for him, but Draco twirls around his broom in a 360.} Have it your way, then! {He throws the Remembrall into the air.}



Harry zooms after the ball, speeding towards a tower. Just as he is about to hit a window, from which McGonagall is working/watching, he catches it, and then heads back to the group. The students all cheer and run to see him.



Boy: Good job, Harry!

Boy 2: Oh, that was wicked, Harry.

McGonagall: {appears quickly} Harry Potter? Follow me. {Harry sullenly follows her. Draco and his goons laugh.}



Scene: Professor Quirrells classroom. He is inside, teaching, holding an iguana.



Quirrell: An iguana s-such as this is {McGonagall approaches the class and stops Harry: You wait here.} an essential in-gredient

McGonagall: Excuse me, excuse me, Professor Quirrell. Could I borrow Wood for a moment?

Quirrell: Oh. Y-yes, of course. {a boy, OLIVER WOOD, gets up to leave and Quirrell continues.} And the vampire b-bat...{eerie roar.}

McGonagall: Potter, this is Oliver Wood. Wood, I have found you a Seeker!



Scene: Harry and Ron are walking through crowded halls. Sir Nicholas and a lady ghost float by.



Nick: Have you heard? Harry Potter's the new Gryffindor Seeker. I always knew hed do well.

Ron: Seeker? But first years never make their house teams! You must be the youngest Quidditch player in

Harry: A century, according to McGonagall.



Fred and George approach and walk along with Ron and Harry.



Fred: Hey, well done, Harry, Wood's just told us!

Ron: Fred and George are on the team, too. Beaters.

George: Our job is to make sure that you don't get bloodied up too bad. Can't make any promises, of course. Rough game, Quidditch.

Fred: Brutal. But no one's died in years. Someone will vanish occasionally... {They break off from Harry and Ron, who walk across a courtyard.

George: But they'll turn up in a month or two!!

Ron: Oh, go on, Harry, Quidditch is great. Best game there is! And you'll be great, too! {Hermione jumps up from her work and comes to join them.}

Harry: But I've never even played Quidditch. What if I make a fool of myself?

Hermione: You won't make a fool of yourself. It's in your blood.



Scene: The three approach a trophy case. Hermione points at a plaque of Quidditch players. One lists Harry's father as a Seeker.



Ron: Whoa. Harry, you never told me your father was a Seeker, too.

Harry: I-I didn't know.





Scene: The three are walking up a staircase. A railing pulls in...Hermione looks, but continues walking.



Ron: I'm telling you, it's spooky. She knows more about you than you do.

Harry: Who doesn't?



The staircase shudders and begins to move. The three grab the railings.



Ron: Ahh!

Hermione: {Gasps.}

Harry: What's happening?

Hermione: The staircases change, remember? {The staircase stops, in a new place.}

Harry: {taps Ron} Let's go this way.

Ron: Before the staircase moves again. {They all open a door and walk into a spooky, dark room.}

Harry: Does anyone feel like...we shouldn't be here?

Hermione: We're not supposed to be here. This is the 3rd floor. It's forbidden.



Suddenly, a flame lights on a tall stone support. At that moment, the caretaker's cat, MRS. NORRIS, comes running in and meows. The group jumps.



Harry: Let's go.

{meow}

Ron: It's Filch's cat!

Harry: Run!



The group runs. Flames are lit as they go. They get to the end of the corridor, to a door. Harry grabs the handle, but it's locked.



Harry: It's locked!

Ron: That's it, we're done for!

Hermione: Oh, move over! {pushes through and pulls out wand} Alohomora. {The door opens.} Get in. {They bustle in.}

Ron: Alohomora?

Hermione: Standard book of spells, Chapter 7.



Filch appears at the start of the corridor with a light. Mrs. Norris looks at him.



Filch: Anyone here, my sweet? {meow} Come on. {exit.}

Hermione: Filch is gone.

Ron: Probably thinks this door's locked.

Hermione: It was locked.

Harry: And for good reason. {Ron and Hermione turn to stand with Harry. There is a massively huge three headed dog sleeping in front of them. The dog, FLUFFY, begins to wake. It growls, yawns, and growls more...noticing the intruders.}

All: AHHHHHHH! {The three bolt, running out of the door. They turn quickly to shut the door and battle against the dog. They get the door shut and run.}



Scene:

Back in the Gryffindor room. They are breathless.



Ron: What do they think they're doing?? Keeping a thing like that locked up in a school.

Hermione: You don't use your eyes, do you? Didn't you see what it was standing on?

Ron: I wasn't looking at its feet! I was a bit preoccupied with its heads. Or maybe you didn't notice, there were three! {they begin to climb the stairs to the dorms.}

Hermione: It was standing on a trap door. Which means it wasn't there by accident. It's guarding something.

Harry: Guarding something?

Hermione: That's right. Now, if you two don't mind, I'm going to bed before either of you come up with another clever idea to get us killed...or worse, expelled! {turns and leaves, shutting the door to her dorms.}

Ron: She needs to sort out her priorities!

Harry nods.



Scene: Outside, day time. Oliver and Harry appear, carrying a trunk. They put it down.



Oliver: Quidditch is easy enough to understand. Each time has seven players, 3 chasers, 2 beaters, 1 keeper and a seeker that's you. There are three kinds of balls. {picks up a red one} This one's called the Quaffle. Now, the chasers handle the Quaffle and try to put it through one of those three hoops. {Points to a faraway Quidditch pitch.} The keeper, that's me, defends the hoops. {throws ball to Harry.} With me so far?

Harry: {throws back} I think so. What are those? {points to two squirming chained down balls.}

Oliver: ...You better take this. {hands Harry a small bat. He bends down and releases one ball. With an angry growl, it flies off into the air. The two boys watch it.} Careful now, it's comin' back. {The balls comes whizzing down, and Harry cracks at it with the bat. The ball soars off through a statue.} Eh, not bad, Potter, you'd make a fair beater...Uh-oh. {The ball zooms down, and Oliver grabs it, wriggling to get it back in the box. He succeeds and is out of breath.} Bludger. Nasty little buggers. But the only ball I want you to worry about is this...the Golden Snitch. {hands Harry a walnut sized golden ball.}

Harry: I like this ball.

Oliver: Ah, you like it now. Just wait. It's wicked fast and damn near impossible to see.

Harry: What do I do with it?

Oliver: You catch it...before the other team's seeker. You catch this, the game is over. You catch this, Potter, and we win.

{The ball flutters out two delicate wings and jumps into the air. Harry keeps an eye on it.}

Harry: Whoa.



Scene: PROFESSOR FLITWICK's class. The teacher is very short, and is standing on a bunch of books.



Flitwick: One of a wizard's most rudimentary skills is levitation the ability to make objects fly. Uh, do you all have your feathers? {Hermione raises hers.} Good. Now, uh, don't forget the nice wrist movement we've been practicing, hmm? The swish and flick. Everyone. {All} The swish and flick. Good. And enunciate. Wingardium Leviosa. Off you go then.

Draco: Wingardium Levio-saaa.

{All practice.}

Ron: Wingardrium Leviosar. {whacks with wand numerous times.}

Hermione: Stop, stop, stop. You're going to take someone's eye out. Besides, youre saying it wrong. It's Leviosa, not Leviosar.

Ron: You do it then if you're so clever. Go on, go on.



Hermione straightens up and swishes her wand.



Hermione: {crisply} Wingardium Leviosa. {The feather glows and lifts up. Ron puts his head on his books dejectedly.}

Flitwick: Oh, well done! See here, everyone! Ms. Granger's done it! Oh, splendid!



Seamus begins swishing at his feather.



Seamus: Wingard Levosa. Wingard Levosa. {Flitwick to Hermione: Well done, dear.}



BOOOM!!! Seamus' feather explodes. Flitwick gasps.



Flitwick: Whooaaa! Ooh.

Harry: I think we're going to need another feather over here, Professor.



Scene: Neville, Harry, Ron and Seamus are walking through a courtyard with other students all around.



Ron: It's Leviosa, not Leviosar. Honestly, she's a nightmare. No wonder she hasn't got any friends!



Hermione bustles past, sniffling.



Harry: I think she heard you.



Scene: Night, in the great hall. It is Halloween. Everyone is eating candy, and Jack O'Lanterns are keeping the place lit. There is chatter.



Harry: Where's Hermione?

Neville: Parvati Patil said that she wouldn't come out of the girl's bathroom. She said that she'd been in there all afternoon...crying.

{Ron and Harry exchange glances. Suddenly, Professor Quirrell comes flying into the room, screaming.}

Quirrell: TROLL! IN THE DUNGEON! T-TROOLLL IN THE DUNGEON!! {stops and there is utter silence.} Thought you ought to know. {falls over in a dead faint.}



The room is silent, and then everyone freaks, screaming and running.



Dumbledore: SILLLLLEEENNNNCEEEEE! {Everyone stops.} Everyone will please, not panic. Now, Prefects will lead their houses back to the dormitories. Teachers will follow me to the dungeons.

Girl: Hufflepuff, this way!

Boy: Stay together!



Snape looks aghast, and he disappears through a doorway.



Scene: Percy is leading the house down a hall.



Percy: Gryffindors...keep up please. And stay alert!

Harry: How could a troll get in?

Ron: Not by itself. Trolls are really stupid. Probably people playing jokes. {Suddenly, Harry stops and pulls Ron aside.} What?

Harry: Hermione! She doesn't know!



The two run off, down corridors. They start running down a hall when they stop, because there is a grunting noise. Harry pulls Ron into a doorway and a large, ugly TROLL thunks by into a room.



Harry: He's going into the Girl's Bathroom!



Scene: In the bathroom, Hermione emerges from a stall, wiping her eyes. She stops when she sees something. The troll is standing there. Hermione backs up, into the stall just as the troll raises its club and smashes the top part of the stalls. Hermione screams. Harry and Ron come bursting in.



Harry: Hermione, move!



The troll smashes the remaining stalls.



Hermione: Help! Help! {The boys start throwing wood pieces at the troll.}

Ron: Hey, pea brain! {Ron throws wood and hits the troll on the head. Hermione escapes from the stalls to under a sink, but the troll sees her and goes to smash her. It cracks the sink and barely misses Hermione. Harry cringes.}

Hermione: Ahhh! Help!



Harry gets out his wand. He runs forward and grabs the troll's club, and is lifted up.



Harry: Whooa! Whoa, whoa! {He lands on the troll's head, and is hurled forward, then back, and his wand goes up the troll's nose.}

Ron: Ew.



The troll snorts, and whips around.



Harry: Whoa, whoa whoa!



The troll gets Harry off its head and is holding him by one leg, upside down. It gears up its club and swipes at Harry. He pulls himself up, then down. The troll swipes again.



Harry: Do something! {swipe}

Ron: What? {swipe}

Harry: Anything! Hurry up!



Ron grabs his wand. Under the sink, Hermione waves her hand.



Hermione: Swish and flick!

Ron: Wingardium Leviosa! {flick. The club is lifted out of the troll's hand and hovers above its head. The troll looks up, confused, just as the club comes crashing back down. (Ron: Cool.) It hits the troll's head and the troll wavers, then drops Harry, who crawls away, and comes crashing down, hard.



Hermione approaches carefully.



Hermione: Is it...dead?

Harry: I don't think so. Just knocked out. {He grabs his wand...which is covered in goo.} Ew. Troll bogies.



Suddenly, McGonagall, Snape and Quirrell come rushing in.

They all gasp.



McGonagall: Oh! Oh, my goodness! E-Explain yourselves, both of you!

Ron and Harry: Well, what it is...

Hermione: It's my fault, Professor McGonagall. {The teachers, and Ron and Harry, gape}

McGonagall: Ms. Granger?

Hermione: I went looking for the troll. I'd read about them and thought I could handle it. But I was wrong. If Harry and Ron hadn't come and found me...I'd probably be dead.

McGonagall: Be that as it may...it was an extremely foolish thing to do. {Harry looks at Snape's leg...which has a large cut on it. Snape notices and covers it up, glaring at Harry.} I would have expected more rational behaviour on your part, Ms. Granger. 5 points will be taken from Gryffindor for your serious lack of judgment. As for you two gentlemen I just hope you realize how fortunate you are. Not many students could take on a full grown mountain troll and live to tell the tale. 5 points...will be awarded to each of you. For sheer dumb luck. {Snape and McGonagall exit.}

Quirrell: Perhaps you ought to go...M-might wake up...heh. {Exit Ron and Harry and Hermione.} {Troll roars.} Ahh! Hehe....



Scene: The next morning, in the great hall. The gang is sitting, eating. Harry is twirling his food on a fork.



Ron: Take a bit of toast, mate, go on.

Hermione: Ron's right, Harry. You're gonna need your strength today.

Harry: I'm not hungry.



Snape appears.



Snape: Good luck today, Potter. Then again, now that you've proven yourself against a troll, a little game of Quidditch should be easy work for you...even if it is against Slytherin. {Leaves, limping.}

Harry: That explains the blood.

Hermione: Blood?

Harry: Listen, last night, I'm guessing Snape let the troll in as a diversion so he could try and get past that 3 headed dog. But, he got himself bitten, that's why he's limping.

Hermione: But why would anyone go near that dog?

Harry: The day I was at Gringotts, Hagrid took something out of one of the vaults. He said it was Hogwarts' business, very secret.

Hermione: So you're saying...

Harry: That's what the dog's guarding. That's what Snape wants.

{An owl screeches. It is Hedwig. She is carrying a very large, long parcel. She drops it off.}

Hermione: Bit early for mail, isn't it?

Harry: But I-I never get mail.

Ron: Let's open it.

{They open it.}

Harry: It's a broomstick!
Ron: Thats not just any broomstick, Harry. It's a Nimbus 2000!

Harry: But who...?

{He sees Professor McGonagall up at the head table, stroking Hedwig. She smiles and Harry nods.}



Scene: Inside a Quidditch tower. The Gryffindor team is marching towards the starting gate. They reach it and stop, behind a closed double door.



OIiver: Scared, Harry?

Harry: A little bit.

Oliver: That's all right. I felt the same way before my first game.

Harry: What happened?
Oliver: Er, I don't really remember. I took a bludger to the head 2 minutes in. Woke up in the hospital a week later.



Harry gulps and looks straight ahead as the doors open. They mount their brooms and zoom out onto the enormous pitch. There is cheering. The commentator, LEE JORDAN, is talking from a tower.



Lee: Hello, and welcome to Hogwarts' first Quidditch game of the season! Today's game Slytherin versus Gryffindor!!!



{Cheering. Close-up of Gryffindor students. They are cheering. Neville: Gryffindor!}



The players take their positions in the air in a circle. Harry weaves in, highest amongst. He looks down.



Lee: The players take their positions as Madam Hooch steps out onto the field to begin the game.

Hooch: Now, I want a nice clean game...from all of you. {looks at Slytherin. She kicks the trunk, and the bludgers zoom out.}

Lee: The bludgers are up...followed by the Golden Snitch. Remember, the snitch is worth 150 points. The seeker who catches the Snitch ends the game.



The snitch zooms around each Seeker's head, then disappears. Hooch grabs the Quaffle.



Lee: The Quaffle is released...and the game begins!



Gryffindor takes possession of the ball and a chaser, ANGELINA JOHNSON, zooms past Slytherins towards their goal, and throws the ball, and scores! There is a ding.



Lee: Angelina Johnson scores! 10 points for Gryffindor! {He presses a button and a 10 shows up beside a plaque with Gryffindors name.}



Harry, in the air, claps.



Harry: Yes! {a bludger zooms by him.} Whoa!



In the stands, Gryffindor cheers.



Hagrid: Well done!

Lee: Slytherin takes possession of the Quaffle. Bletchley passes to Captain Marcus Flint.



Flint dodges people and throws for the Gryffindor hoops. Oliver appears and whacks the ball away with his broom. He smirks at Flint, who glares. Johnson and KATIE BELL pass the Quaffle back and forth as they strategize to score. Johnson takes it, throws, and once again scores!



Ron and Seamus: Yay!

Harry: Yes!

Lee: Another 10 points to Gryffindor! {ding.}

Gryffindors: Yay!



The Slytherins decide to get messy. They dodge, kick, and try to score. Once again, Oliver blocks.



Flint: Give me that! {he grabs a beaters bat from one and whacks a bludger right at Oliver. It hits Oliver in the stomach and he falls to the ground.}



Crowd: {Booing}

Harry is visibly upset.

Slytherin laughs.



The Slytherin members head off. One jumps over George (or Fred) and scores. Harry is upset again. Slytherin cheers.



Flint: {to other members} Take that side!



They box Johnson in and sent her into the capes covering one of the towers. She falls down in and is out. The crowd boos. Slytherin scores once again. Suddenly, Harry sees the Snitch. He starts to head off after it and then his broom starts bucking and turning.



Harry: Whoa! Whooa!

Hagrid: What's going on with Harry's broomstick?



Hermione looks through binoculars at Harry, then at Snape, who is muttering something.



Hermione: It's Snape! He's jinxing the broom!

Ron: Jinxing the broom? What do we do?

Hermione: Leave it to me. {She hands Ron her binoculars and leaves.}



Harry is knocked around, then falls, dangling by one arm from the broom.



Ron: Come on, Hermione!



Hermione is hurrying up a tower. She appears underneath Snape and touches his cloak with her wand.



Hermione: Lacarnum Inflamarae.



A spark ignites and Snape's cloak catches fire. Hermione leaves.



Man: Fire! You're on fire!

Snape: What? Oh! {knocks the man back, who falls into Quirrell, who then also falls. Snape bats out the fire and acts as though nothing happened. The broom stop bucking, and Harry climbs back on. The Slytherin seeker is after the Snitch. Harry takes off.}



Ron: Go!

Hagrid: Go go go!



Harry rams the Slytherin Seeker, then is butted out. He returns, smashing the Seeker again as the Snitch dives. The boys follow, but they approach the ground quickly. The Slytherin Seeker backs out, and Harry pulls up his broom as he follows the Snitch, feet above the ground. Harry stands up, and steps forward, trying to grab the ball. He goes too far, and topples off the broom with a yelp, tumbling on the ground. He gets up and lurches.



The crowd gasps. Hermione appears beside a tower to see.



Hagrid: Looks like he's gonna be sick!



Harry lurches and the Snitch pops out of his mouth. It lands in his hands.



Lee: He's got the Snitch! Harry Potter receives 150 points for catching the Snitch!

Hooch: {Blows whistle} Gryffindor win!

All: YAY!

Draco: No!

Hagrid: Yes!

Hermione: Whoo-hoo!

McGonagall: {Giggles happily}



Harry raises the Snitch into the air and the crowd, and his team, cheers.



Crowd: Go go Gryffindor! Go go Gryffindor! Go go Gryffindor! Go go Gryffindor!






Scene:
Harry, Hermione and Ron are walking along a path with Hagrid, talking.



Hagrid: Nonsense. Why would Snape put a curse on Harry's broom?

Harry: Who knows. Why was he trying to get past that 3 headed dog on Halloween?

Hagrid: Who told you 'bout Fluffy?

Ron: Fluffy?
Hermione: That thing has a name?

Hagrid: Well, of course he's got a name. He's mine. I bought him off an Irish feller I met down at the pub last year. Then I lent him to Dumbledore to guard the

Harry: Yes?

Hagrid: Shouldn'ta said that. Don't ask any more questions. That's top secret, that is.

Harry: But Hagrid, whatever Fluffy's guarding, Snape's trying to steal it!

Hagrid: Codswallop. Professor Snape is a Hogwarts teacher.

Hermione: Hogwarts teacher or not, I know a curse when I see one. I've read all about them. You have to keep eye contact. And Snape wasn't blinking.

Harry: Exactly.

Hagrid: {sighs} Now, you listen to me, all three of you. You're meddlin' in things that ought not to be meddled in. It's dangerous. What that dog is guarding is strictly between Professor Dumbledore and Nicholas Flamel.

Harry: Nicholas Flamel?

Hagrid: I shouldn't have said that. I should not have said that. I should not have said that. {Exit.}

Harry: Nicholas Flamel...Who's Nicholas Flamel?

Hermione: I don't know.



Scene: Christmas. The camera pans up to a snowy castle, then to Hagrid, who is bringing in a large tree. Inside the great hall, students are leaving and ghosts are singing (Merry Christmas, Merry Christmas, ring the Hogwarts bell. Merry Christmas, Merry Christmas...) Hermione approaches the empty tables, wheeling a cart. She goes to Ron and Harry, who are playing chess.



Harry: Knight to E-5.



A piece moves across the board.



Ron thinks for a moment.



Ron: Queen to E-5.



A queen walks over to E-5 and clinks the knight away.



Hermione: That's totally barbaric!

Ron: That's wizard's chess. I see you've packed.

Hermione: See you haven't.

Ron: Change of plans. My parents decided to go to Romania to visit my brother, Charlie. He's studying dragons there!

Hermione: Good. You can help Harry, then. He's going to go the library for information on Nicholas Flamel.

Ron: We've looked a hundred times!

Hermione: Not in the restricted section...Happy Christmas. {exits.}

Ron: I think we've had a bad influence on her.



Scene:

X-mas morning. Hedwig is perched in the boys' room, and Harry is asleep in bed.



Ron: {calling from downstairs} Harry, wake up! Come on Harry, wake up!



Harry gets up and runs to a balcony overlooking the common room, where Ron is standing next to a tree. He is wearing a sweater with an R on it.



Ron: Happy Christmas, Harry.

Harry: Happy Christmas, Ron. What are you wearing?

Ron: Oh, Mum made it for me. Looks like you've got one too!

Harry: I've got presents?

Ron: Yeah!

Harry: Oh! {Harry runs down the stairs.}

Ron: There they are. {Ron sits on a couch arm and eats jelly beans as Harry picks up a silver wrapped package. Harry takes out the card.}

Harry: "Your father left this in my possession before he died. It is time it was returned to you. Use it well."



Harry opens the present. It is a cloak.



Ron: What is it?

Harry: Some kind of...cloak.

Ron: Well, let's see then. Put it on.



Harry puts the cloak on, and all of him disappears except for his head.



Ron: Whoa!

Harry: My body's gone!

Ron: I know what that is! That's an invisibility cloak!

Harry: I'm invisible??

Ron: {gets up} They're really rare. I wonder who gave it to you.

Harry: {comes over} There was no name. It just said, "Use it well."



Scene:

Late at night. A lantern and hand appear, but nothing else. The ensemble walk through the dark library and into the Restricted Section. The lamp is put down, and the cloak removed. Harry appears.



Harry: {Reading books} Famous fire eaters...15th Century Fiends...Flamel...Nicholas Flamel...where are you?



Harry picks up a book and opens it. A man's face appears.



Man: AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!



Harry slams the book shuts and puts it back.



Filchs voice: Who's there?! {Harry whips around, grabbing his cloak. The lamp falls and shatters.} I know you're in there. You can't hide. {Harry puts on his cloak and creeps around Filch.} Who is it? Show yourself!



Harry runs from the room, breathing heavily. He gets into the hall, where Mrs. Norris is. The cat meows and begins to follow him. Harry runs around a corner, just as Snape and Quirrell appear. Snape pushes Quirrell into the wall.



Quirrell: Severus...I-I thought...

Snape: You don't want me as your enemy, Quirrell.

Quirrell: W-what do you m-mean?

Snape: You know perfectly well what I mean. {Snape senses something. Harry stops breathing. Snape reaches out to grab something, but doesn't. He whips his finger back in front of Quirrell's face.} We'll have another chat soon...when you've had time to decide where your loyalties lie.



Filch appears, carrying the broken lamp.



Filch: Oh, Professors. I found this, in the Restricted Section. It's still hot. That means there's a student out of bed.



They all dart off. A door opens, and closes. On the other side, there is a vast, empty room that has a large mirror in the center. Harry appears and walks over to the mirror. In it, he sees two people appear.



Harry: Mum? {the woman nods and smiles} Dad? {nods and smiles. Harry reaches out to touch them, but only gets the mirror. Then, his mother puts her hand on his shoulder. He puts his own hand on his own shoulders, as if trying to feel her there.



Scene:

The boys' room. Harry comes whipping in, invisible.



Harry: Ron! You've really got to see this! Ron! You've got to see this! {pulls back covers. Ron wakes up.} Ron, Ron, come on. Get out of bed!

Ron: Why?

Harry: There's something you've got to see. Now, come on!



Scene:

Back in the mirror room. Harry and Ron appear as if magically and Harry runs to the mirror.



Harry: Come on. Come. Come look, it's my parents!

Ron: I only see me.

Harry: {moves over} Look in properly. Go on. Stand there. There. You see them, don't you? Thats my dad

Ron: That's me! Only, I'm head boy...and I'm holding the Quidditch cup! And bloody hell, I'm Quidditch Captain too! I look good. Harry, do you think this mirror shows the future?

Harry: How can it? Both my parents are dead. {Harry smiles sadly.}



Scene:

Another night. Harry is sitting in front of the mirror. Dumbledore appears behind him.



Dumbledore: Back again, Harry? {Harry turns around and stands up.} I see that you, like so many before you, have discovered the delights of the Mirror of Erised. I trust by now you realize what it does. Let me give you a clue. The happiest man on earth would look into the mirror and see only himself, exactly as he is.

Harry: So, then it shows us what we want? Whatever we want?

Dumbledore: Yes...and no. It shows us nothing more or less than the deepest, most desperate desires of our hearts. Now you, who have never known your family, you see them standing beside you. But remember this, Harry. This mirror gives us neither knowledge or truth. Men have wasted away in front of it, even gone mad. That is why tomorrow it will be moved to a new home, and I must ask you not to go looking for it again. It does not do to dwell on dreams, Harry, and forget to live. {Harry looks back at the mirror.}



Scene:

Daytime. It is all snowy. Harry is out in a main courtyard, bundled up, with Hedwig on his arm. He stops and she lifts off, soaring away into the sky. When she returns, it is spring time.



Scene:

In the library. Harry and Ron are seated, reading. Hermione comes up with a huge book. She thumps it onto the table. Harry jumps.



Hermione: I had you looking in the wrong section! How could I be so stupid? I checked this out a few weeks ago for a bit of light reading.

Ron: This is light?

Hermione: {glares} Of course! Here it is! "Nicholas Flamel is the only known maker of the Philosopher's Stone!"

Ron and Harry: The what?

Hermione: Honestly, don't you two read? "The Philosopher's Stone is a legendary substance with astonishing powers. It will turn any metal into pure gold and produces the Elixir of Life, which will make the drinker immortal."

Ron: Immortal?

Hermione: It means you'll never die.

Ron: I know what it means!

Harry: Shh!

Hermione: "The only stone currently in existence belongs to Mr. Nicholas Flamel, the noted alchemist, who last year celebrated his 665th birthday!" That's what Fluffy's guarding on the 3rd floor. That's what's under the trapdoor...the Philosopher's Stone!



They all look at each other.



Scene:

Nighttime. Hermione, Ron and Harry are running across the wet ground to Hagrids hut. They knock on the door and it opens.



Harry: Hagrid!

Hagrid: {clad in oven mitts and an apron} Oh, hello. Sorry, don't wish to be rude, but I'm in no fit state to entertain today. {Closes door.}

All 3: We know about the Philosopher's Stone!

{Door reopens.}

Hagrid: Oh.

{They all come into Hagrid's small hut.}

Harry: We think Snape's trying to steal it.

Hagrid: Snape? Blimey, Harry, you're not still on about him, are you?

Harry: Hagrid, we know he's after the Stone. We just don't know why.

Hagrid: Snape is one of the teachers protecting the Stone! He's not about to steal it!

Harry: What?

Hagrid: You heard. Right. Come on, now, I'm a bit preoccupied today.

Harry: Wait a minute. {Ron and a big black boarhound, FANG, meet. Fang sniffs Ron.} One of the teachers?
Hermione: {sitting in a large chair} Of course! There are other things defending the Stone, aren't there? Spells, enchantments.

Hagrid: That's right. Waste of bloody time, if you ask me.

{Hermione looks at Ron, who is being sniffed in the face by Fang. Ron shuffles away.} Ain't no one gonna get past Fluffy. Hehe, not a soul knows how. Except for me and Dumbledore. I shouldn't have told you that. I shouldn't have told you that. {A cauldron over a fire begins to rattle.} Oh! {Hagrid hurries over and grabs something} Ooh! Ooh! Ooh! Ooh! {puts the thing, an egg, on the table. The group crowds around.}

Harry: Uh, Hagrid, what exactly is that?

Hagrid: That? It's a ... its um...

Ron: I know what that is! But Hagrid, how did you get one?

Hagrid: I won it. Off a stranger I met down at a pub. Seemed quite glad to be rid off it, as a matter of fact.



The egg rattles and cracks. Pieces fly off as a dragon emerges. It squeaks and slips on an egg piece.



Hermione: Is that...a dragon?

Ron: That's not just a dragon. That's a Norwegian Ridgeback! My brother Charlie works with these in Romania.

Hagrid: Isn't he beautiful? Oh. Bless him, look. He knows his mummy. Hehe. Hallo, Norbert. {The dragon squeaks as it looks at Hagrid.}

Harry: Norbert?

Hagrid: Yeah, well, he's got to have a name, doesn't he?

Ron: {laughs}

Hagrid: Don't you, Norbert? {raises fingers back and forth across Norberts chin} Dededede.



Norbert backs away, hiccups and blows a fireball of fire into Hagrid's beard.



Hagrid: Ohh! Oooh, ooh, ooh, well...he'll have to be trained up a bit, of course. {Norbert hiccups. Hagrid sees someone looking in the window.} Who's that? {The person scampers away.}

Harry: Malfoy.

Hagrid: Oh, dear.



Scene:

The three are walking back through a corridor. An owl screeches.



Harry: Hagrid always wanted a dragon. He told me so the first time I met him.

Ron: It's crazy. And worse, Malfoy knows.

Harry: I don't understand. Is that bad?

Ron: It's bad.



They stop as McGonagall, in her nightgown, appears.



McGonagall: Good evening.



Malfoy appears smugly beside her.



Scene:

McGonagall's classroom. The three accused are standing in front of McGonagall's desk, while Malfoy is feet away, smirking.



McGonagall: Nothing, I repeat, nothing gives a student the right to walk about the school at night. Therefore, as punishment for your actions, 50 points will be taken.

Harry: 50?!

McGonagall: Each. And to ensure it doesn't happen again, all four of you will receive detention.



Malfoy nods, then his smile vanishes.



Draco: Excuse me, Professor. Perhaps I heard you wrong. I thought you said..."the four of us."



McGonagall: No, you heard me correctly, Mr. Malfoy. You see, as honorable as your intentions were, you too were out of bed after hours. You will serve detention with your classmates.



Harry, Ron and Hermione grin, and Draco sags.



Scene:

Outside, at night, the four students are being led to Hagrid's hut by Mr. Filch.



Filch: A pity they let the old punishments die. There was a time detention would find you hanging by your thumbs in the dungeons. God, I miss the screaming. {Draco gulps, and Hermione rushes by.} You'll be serving detention with Hagrid tonight. He's got a little job to do inside the dark forest. {Hagrid appears with a crossbow. He sniffles.} A sorry lot this, Hagrid. Oh, good God, man, you're not still on about that bloody dragon, are you?



Hagrid: {sniffs and sighs} Norbert's gone. Dumbledore sent him off to Romania to live in a colony.

Hermione: Well, that's good, isn't it? He'll be with his own kind.

Hagrid: Yeah, but what if he don't like Romania? {Filch rolls eyes.} What if the other dragons are mean to him? He's only a baby, after all.

Filch: Oh, for Gods sake, pull yourself together, man. You're going into the forest, after all. Got to have your wits about you.

Draco: The forest? I thought that was a joke! We can't go in there. Students aren't allowed. And there are...{a howl sounds}...werewolves!

Filch: There's more than werewolves in those trees, lad. You can be sure of that. {Draco looks frightened.} Nighty-night. {Exit.}

Hagrid: Right. Let's go.



Scene: In the forest. The group walks along a path to a tree. Hagrid stops, bends down and dips his fingers in a silver puddle. He pulls out his fingers and rubs them together. A silver trail smears with his fingers.



Harry: Hagrid, what's that?

Hagrid: What we're here for. See that? That's unicorn's blood, that is. I found one dead a few weeks ago. Now, this one's been injured bad by something. {Harry suddenly sees a large cloaked figure walking through the trees. He looks at Hagrid.} So, it's our job to find the poor beast. Ron, Hermione, you'll come with me.

Ron: {weakly} Okay.

Hagrid: And Harry, you'll go with Malfoy. {Draco grimaces, and Harry nods.}

Draco: Okay. Then I get Fang!

Hagrid: Fine. Just so you know, he's a bloody coward. {Fang whines.}



Scene:

Harry and Draco are walking through the forest, Fang leading. Draco has the lamp.



Draco: You wait till my father hears about this. This is servant's stuff.

Harry: If I didn't know better, Draco, I'd say you were scared.

Draco: Scared, Potter?! {Scoffs} {howl} Did you hear that? Come on, Fang. Scared.



Scene:

The group approaches a flat ground with gnarled roots all over. Fang stops, then growls.



Harry: What is it, Fang?



Up ahead, a cloaked figure is crouched over a dead unicorn, drinking its blood. The figure raises its head, silver blood dripping from its mouth.



Harry gasps and grabs his scar, which is hurting.



Draco: {A look of pure fear} AHHHHHHHHH!!! AHHH! {runs away, with Fang} HELP!!!!!



Harry is left by himself. The figure slides over the unicorn and rises erect. It advances towards Harry, who backs up, but trips. He crawls backwards. Suddenly, there is the sound of hoofbeats. A figure leaps over Harry and lands near the cloaked figure. It is a silver centaur, FIRENZE. It rears, and the cloaked figure retreats, flying away.



Firenze: Harry Potter, you must leave. You are known to many creatures here. The forest is not safe at this time. Especially for you.

Harry: {rises} But what was that thing you saved me from?

Firenze: A monstrous creature. It is a terrible crime to slay a unicorn. Drinking the blood of a unicorn will keep you alive even if you are an inch from death. But at a terrible price. You have slain something so pure that the moment the blood touches your lips, you will have a half-life. A cursed life.

Harry: But who would choose such a life?

Firenze: Can you think of no one?

Harry: Do you mean to say...that that thing that killed the unicorn...that was drinking its blood...that was Voldemort?

Firenze: Do you know what is hidden in the school at this very moment?

Harry: The Philosopher's Stone.



Suddenly, a dog (Fang) barks. Harry looks up and sees Hagrid, Hermione, Ron and Draco appear.



Hermione: Harry!

Hagrid: Hello there, Firenze. I see you've met our young Mr. Potter. You all right there, Harry? {Harry nods}

Firenze: Harry Potter, this is where I leave you. You're safe now. Good luck.

{Close up on the dead unicorn.}


Scene:

Gryffindor common room. Right after 'attack.' The group is around the fire. Hermione and Ron are seated, but Harry stands.



Hermione: You mean, You-Know-Who's out there, right now, in the forest?

Harry: But he's weak. He's living off the unicorns. Don't you see? We had it wrong. Snape doesn't want the stone for himself, he wants the stone for Voldemort. With the Elixir of Life, Voldemort will be strong again. He'll He'll come back. {Sits down.}

Ron: But if he comes back, you don't think he'll try to kill you, do you?

Harry: I think if he'd had the chance, he might have tried to kill me tonight.

Ron: {Gulp} And to think, I've been worrying about my Potions final!

Hermione: Hang on a minute. We're forgetting one thing. Who's the one wizard Voldemort always feared?

{The boys shrug.} Dumbledore! As long as Dumbledore's around, you're safe. As long as Dumbledore's around, you can't be touched. {Harry smiles slightly.}



Scene:

Some time later. In the outdoor courtyard. The three are walking.



Hermione: I've always heard Hogwarts' end of the year exams were frightful, but I found that rather enjoyable.

Ron: Speak for yourself. All right there, Harry?

Harry: My scar. It keeps burning.

Hermione: It's happened before.

Harry: Not like this.

Ron: Perhaps you should see the nurse.

Harry: I think it's a warning. It means dangers coming. Uhh! {He rubs scar and then sees Hagrid across the field, at his hut.} Oh. Of course! {runs for hut.}

Hermione: What is it?

Harry: Don't you think it's a bit odd that what Hagrid wants more than anything is a dragon, and a stranger shows up and just happens to have one? {They approach Hagrid, who is playing the Harry Potter theme on his flute.} I mean, how many people wander around with dragon eggs in their pockets? Why didn't I see it before? Hagrid, who gave you the dragon egg? {Hagrid stops playing.} What did he look like?

Hagrid: I don't know. I never saw his face. He kept his hood up.

Harry: The stranger, though, you and he must have talked.

Hagrid: Well, he wanted to know what sort of creatures I looked after. I told him. I said, "After Fluffy, a dragon's gonna be no problem."

Harry: And did he seem interested in Fluffy?

Hagrid: Well, of course he was interested in Fluffy! How often do you come across a three headed dog, even if you're in the trade? But I told him. I said, "The trick with any beast is to know how to calm him. Take Fluffy, for example, just play him a bit of music and he falls straight to sleep."



The three gape.



Hagrid: I shouldn't have told you that. {The three take off.} Where you going?! Wait!



Scene:

McGonagall's classroom. The three come tearing in and run up the aisles between desks. They pass a ghost and stop at the desk.



Harry: We have to see Professor Dumbledore, immediately!

McGonagall: I'm afraid Professor Dumbledore is not here. He received an urgent owl from the Ministry of Magic and left immediately for London.

Harry: He's gone?! Now? But this is important! It's about...the Philosopher's Stone.

McGonagall: {shocked} How do you know

Harry: Someone's going to try and steal it.

McGonagall: I don't know how you three found out about the stone, but I can assure you it is perfectly well-protected. Now would you go back to your dormitories? Quietly. {They leave.}



Scene:

After exiting McGonagall's class, they walk down the hallway.



Harry: That was no stranger Hagrid met in the village. It was Snape, which means he knows how to get past Fluffy.

Hermione: And with Dumbledore gone

{Snape suddenly appears behind them}

Snape: Good afternoon. Now, what would three young Gryffindors such as yourselves be doing inside on a day like this?

Hermione: Uh...we were just...

Snape: You want to be careful. People will think you're {Harry glares madly at Snape, who looks shocked} up to something. {Exit.}

Hermione: Now what do we do?

Harry: We go down the trapdoor. Tonight.



Scene: Nighttime. In the Gryffindor Common Room. The three friends come down the stairs and begin to walk across the floor. They stop when they hear croaking.



Harry: Trevor.

Ron: Trevor shh! Go, you shouldn't be here!

Neville: {appears behind a chair} Neither should you. You're sneaking out again, arent you?

Harry: Now, Neville, listen. We were

Neville: No! I won't let you! {stands} You'll get Gryffindor in trouble again! I-I'll fight you. {holds out fists.}

Hermione: Neville, I'm really, really sorry about this...{takes out wand} Petrificus Totalus.



Neville is frozen and falls backwards onto the ground. Hermione puts her wand back.



Ron: {Gulp} You're a little scary sometimes...you know that? Brilliant, but scary.

Harry: Let's go. {Walks by Neville} Sorry.

Hermione: Sorry.

Ron: It's for your own good, you know. {Exit.}



Scene: The three are under the Invisibility cloak, sneaking along the corridor.



Hermione: Ow! You stood on my foot!

Ron: Sorry. {A flame lights. Hermione draws out her wand and points it at the door.}

Hermione: Alohomora.



The door opens and they go in.



Ron: Wait a minute...he's....{a blow of air, and the cape flutters off them.} Sleeping.

Harry: Snape's already been here. He's put a spell on the harp. {They approach the sleeping dog.}

Ron: Uh. It's got horrible breath!

Harry: We have to move its paw.

Ron: What?!

Harry: Come on! {grabs paw, which is blocking the door.} Okay. Push! {They strain and move it. They open the door.} I'll go first. Don't follow until I give you a sign. {Fluffy's eyes open.} If something bad happens, get yourselves out...Does it seem a bit...quiet?

Hermione: The harp. It stopped playing.



Drool from one head comes down on Ron's shoulder.



Ron: Ew! Yuck! Ugh. {All three kids look up and see Fluffy standing there. Fluffy barks and growls, thrashing. It breaks the harp and dives at the three.}

Harry: Jump! Go! {They all jump through the trapdoor.}

Ron: Ahh! {gasps as he lands on some mushy black ropelike vines.} Whoa. Lucky this plant-thing is here, really.

Harry: Whoa! {The plant begins to move towards them.} Oh. Ahh! {The plant ties them up.}

Hermione: Stop moving, both of you. This is Devil's Snare. You have to relax. If you don't, it will only kill you faster.

Ron: Kill us faster?! Oh, now I can relax!



Hermione manages a smile as she is sucked down below.



Ron and Harry: Hermione!!

Ron: Now what are we gonna do?!

Hermione's voice: Just relax!

Harry: Hermione! Where are you?!

Hermione (from below): Do what I say. Trust me.



Harry relaxes and is sucked through.



Ron: Ahh! Harry!



Harry falls through and lands on the hard ground. Hermione goes over to him and he stands up.



Ron: Harry!

Hermione: Are you okay?

Harry: Yeah, yeah, I'm fine.

Ron: Help!

Hermione: He's not relaxing, is he?

Harry: Apparently not.

Ron: Help! Help me!

Hermione: We've got to do something!

Harry: What?

Hermione: Uh! I remember reading something in Herbology. {Ron: Help!} Um Devil's Snare, Devil's Scare, {The snare shuts Ron's mouth} it's deadly fun...but will sulk in the sun! That's it! Devil's Snare hates sunlight! {takes out wand and points upwards.} Lumus Solem! {A beam of light shoots out. The Snare shrieks and recoils. Ron falls below.}

Ron: Ahhh!

Harry: Ron, are you okay?

Ron: Yeah.

Harry: Okay.

Ron: {stands} Whew. Lucky we didn't panic!

Harry: Lucky Hermione pays attention in Herbology.



There is a sound.



Hermione: What is that?

Harry: I don't know. Sounds like wings.



They enter into a room filled with golden "birds."



Hermione: Curious. I've never seen birds like these.

Harry: They're not birds, they're keys. And I'll bet one of them fits that door. {They come upon a broomstick, suspended in the air.}

Hermione: What's this all about?

Harry: I don't know. Strange.

{Ron creeps over to the door and takes out his wand.}

Ron: {rattles lock.} Alohomora! {Shrugs} Well, it was worth a try.

Hermione: Ugh! What're we going to do? There must be 1000 keys up there!

Ron: We're looking for a big old fashioned one. Probably rusty like the handle.

Harry: There! I see it! {points} The one with the broken wing! {He looks at the broom.}

Hermione: What's wrong, Harry?

Harry: It's too simple.

Ron: Oh, go on, Harry! If Snape can catch it on that old broomstick, you can! You're the youngest seeker in a century!



Harry nods and grabs the broom. All the keys suddenly go one direction, right at Harry. He climbs on, swiping at them.



Ron: This complicates things a bit!



Harry pushes off into the air. He flies off, after the key. The others follow him. Harry grabs the key.



Harry: Catch the key!



He zooms by and throws the key to Hermione, who catches it and heads for the lock while Harry distracts the other keys. Hermione puts it in the lock.



Ron: Hurry up!



The door opens, and Hermione and Ron rush through, followed by Harry. They shut the door just as the keys slam up against it.



Scene:

They enter a dark room, with broken pieces all around it.



Hermione: I don't like this. I don't like this at all.

Harry: Where are we? A graveyard.

Ron: This is no graveyard. {sighs} It's a chessboard. {Walks out onto the marble board and flames light, illuminating the board and GIANT players. Harry and Hermione come up with him.}

Harry: There's the door.



They walk across the board, towards the door. Suddenly, as they reach a line of pawns, the pawns bring up their swords. The three jump and back up.



Hermione: Now what do we do?

Ron: It's obvious, isn't it? We've got to play our way across the room. All right. Harry, you take the Bishop's square. Hermione, you'll be the Queen's side castle. As for me, I'll be a knight. {They all take their places.}

Hermione: What happens now?

Ron: {aboard a horse.} Well, white moves first, and then...we play. {A pawn on the other side moves forward. Ron studies the game.}

Hermione: Ron, you don't suppose this is going to be like...real wizard's chess, do you?

Ron: You there! D-5! {A black pawn moves forward, diagonal to the white pawn. The white pawn raises its swords and smashes the black one. The three jump.} Yes, Hermione, I think this is going to be exactly like wizard's chess!



The game continues. Pieces smash each other, boom! Boom!

Ron: Castle to E-4! Smash! Ron: Pawn to C-3! Smash! Boom! The Queen turns, and smashes a piece! Harry, Ron and Hermione wince. The Queen turns again. Both Ron and Harry study the game.



Harry: Wait a minute.

Ron: You understand right, Harry. Once I make my move, the Queen will take me...then you'll be free to check the King.

Harry: No, Ron! No!

Hermione: What is it?

Harry: He's going to sacrifice himself!

Hermione: No, Ron, you can't! {Ron closes his eyes.} There must be another way!

Ron: {turns to face Hermione.} Do you want to stop Snape or not? Harry, it's you that has to go on. I know it. Not me, not Hermione, you. {Harry nods.} Knight...to H-3.



Ron's horse moves forward, slides and stops.



Ron: Check.



The Queen turns and advances. Ron breathes faster, clutching the steel reins. The Queen stops. SMASH! Ron goes flying off the horse and lands on the floor, unconscious.



Ron: Ahhhh!

Harry: RON! {Hermione starts walking to him.} NO! Don't move! Dont forget, we're still playing. {Hermione moves back. Harry walks the diagonal in front of the King.} Checkmate. {The Kings sword falls onto the ground victory. Harry breathes out and then the two run to Ron. They bend beside him.} Take care of Ron. Then, go to the owlery. Send a message to Dumbledore. Ron's right...I have to go on.

Hermione: You'll be okay, Harry. You're a great wizard, you really are.

Harry: Not as good as you.

Hermione: {smile} Me? Books and cleverness? There are more important things. Friendship, and bravery. And Harry, just be careful.



Harry nods and stands, walking away.





Scene:

Harry walks down a long staircase to an empty room with pillars around it. The Mirror of Erised is in the middle of the room, and a man is standing before it. It is Quirrell. Harry yelps and grabs his scar.



Harry: You? {Quirrell turns around.} No. It can't be...Snape. He was the one

Quirrell: Yes. He does seem the type, doesn't he? Next to me, who would suspect, "p-p-poor s-stuttering Professor Quirrell?"

Harry: B-but, that day, during the Quidditch Match, Snape tried to kill me.

Quirrell: No, dear boy. I tried to kill you! And trust me, if Snape's cloak hadn't caught fire and broken my eye contact, I would have succeeded. Even with Snape muttering his little counter-curse.

Harry: Snape was trying to...save me?

Quirrell: I knew you were a danger right from the off. Especially after Halloween.

Harry: Th-then you let the troll in.

Quirrell: Very good Potter, yes. Snape, unfortunately, wasn't fooled. While everyone else was running to the dungeon, he went to the 3rd floor to head me off. He, of course, never trusted me again. He rarely left me alone. {Quirrell turns back to the mirror and Harry's scar hurts.} But he doesn't understand. I'm never alone. Never. Now...what does this mirror do? I see what I desire. I see myself holding the stone. But how do I get it?

{A raspy voice, VOLDEMORT, calls.}: Use the boy.

Quirrell: Come here, Potter, now!



Harry walks forward shakily.



Quirrell: Tell me. What do you see?



Harry looks in the mirror. He sees himself. His mirror self brings his hand into his pocket and takes out a red stone! The mirror self winks and puts the stone back. Very subtly, Harry reaches to his pocket. There is a lump. He gasps.



Quirrell: What is it?! What do you see?!

Harry: I-I'm shaking hands with Dumbledore. I've won the house cup.

Voldemort's voice: He lies.

Quirrell: Tell the truth! What do you see?!

Voldemort's voice: Let me speak to him.

Quirrell: Master, you are not strong enough.

Voldemort's voice: I have strength enough for this. {Quirrell unwraps his turban and on the side opposite his face, another face is planted. It is Voldemort who appears kind of like a snake. He stretches out and faces Harry via the mirror.} Harry Potter. We meet again.

Harry: Voldemort.

Voldemort: Yes. You see what I have become? See what I must do to survive? Live off another. A mere parasite. Unicorn blood can sustain me, but it cannot give me a body of my own. But there is something that can. Something, that conveniently enough, lies in your pocket!



Harry turns and runs.



Voldemort: Stop him! {Quirrell snaps his fingers and fire erupts all around the room. Harry is stuck.} Don't be a fool! Why suffer a horrific death when you can join me and live?!

Harry: {shakes his head} Never!

Voldemort: Haha. Bravery. Your parents had it too. Tell me, Harry, would you like to see your mother and father again? Together, we can bring them back. {In the mirror, Harrys parents faces appear.} All I ask for is something in return. {Harry takes the stone from his pocket.} That's it, Harry. There is no good and evil. There is only power, and those too weak to seek it. Together, we'll do extraordinary things. Just give me the stone! {Mother and father vanish.}

Harry: You liar!

Voldemort: Kill him!



Quirrell soars into the air and smashes into Harry, one hand on Harrys throat. They fall to the steps. The stone falls out of Harry's reach as Quirrell chokes him. Harry strains and squeaks. Suddenly, Harry puts his hand on Quirrell's, trying to get him off. Smoke furls from under his hand.



Quirrell: Ahh! Ahh! {backs up. His hand is crumbling into a mountain of black ash.} What is this magic? {hand dissipates.}

Voldemort: Fool! Get the stone!

Quirrell: {Walks forward, but Harry puts both hands on his face.} Ahhhhhhhhhh!



Quirrell backs up, then his face, which is horrendously burned, crumbles as he walks forward. His whole body is ash. He falls to the floor. Harry gasps. He looks at his own hands and hurries over to the stone. He picks it up and sighs, when he hears something. Turning, Harry sees a dust clouds with Voldemort's face. The cloud rushes forward, right through Harry!



Voldemort: Arrrhhhhhh!

Harry: Ahhhhhhhhh! {Voldemort flies away. Harry falls to the ground, unconscious. He holds the stone in an outstretched hand.}



Scene:

The hospital wing. Harry is bandaged, lying in bed. He awakens, puts on his glasses, and sits up. There are cards and candy all over. Dumbledore approaches him.



Dumbledore: Good afternoon, Harry. Ah. Tokens from your admirers?

Harry: Admirers?

Dumbledore: What happened down in the dungeons between you and Professor Quirrell is a complete secret, so, naturally, the whole school knows. {Both smile.} Ah, I see your friend Ronald has saved you the trouble of opening your Chocolate Frogs.

Harry: Ron was here? Is he all right? What about Hermione?
Dumbledore: Fine. They're both just fine.

Harry: But, what happened to the Stone?

Dumbledore: Relax, dear boy. The stone has been destroyed. My friend Nicholas and I had a little chat and agreed it was best all around.

Harry: But Flamel, he'll die, won't he?

Dumbledore: {sits on the bed.} He has enough Elixir to set his affairs in order. But yes, he will die.

Harry: How is it I got the Stone, sir? One minute I was staring in the mirror, and the next...

Dumbledore: Ah. You see, only a person who wanted to find the Stone, find it, but not use it, would be able to get it. That is one of my more brilliant ideas. And between you and me thats saying something. {Smile both.}

Harry: Does that mean, with the Stone gone, I mean, that Voldemort can never come back?

Dumbledore: Ah, I'm afraid there are ways in which he can return. Harry, do you know why Professor Quirrell couldn't bear to have you touch him? {Harry shakes his head.} It was because of your mother. She sacrificed herself for you, and that kind of act leaves a mark. {Harry touches his scar.} No, no, this kind of mark cannot be seen. It lives in your very skin.

Harry: What is it?

Dumbledore: Love, Harry, love. {Pats Harry's head and stands up.} Ah. Bertie Bott's Every Flavour Beans. I was most unfortunate in my youth to come across a vomit flavoured one, and since then I have lost my liking for them. But I think I could be safe with a nice toffee...{takes brown bean and eats it.} Mm. Alas. Earwax.



Scene:

Harry approaches a room where up on a stairwell balcony Hermione and Ron are talking. They stop when they see Harry and lean over the railing.



Harry: All right there, Ron?

Ron: All right? You?

Harry: {shrug} All right. Hermione?

Hermione: {smile} Never better.



Scene:

In the great hall. All students are seated, and green banners with snakes on them are around the ceiling.

Dumbledore, at the head table, nods to McGonagall.

She dings her glass and the chatter stops. Dumbledore rises.



Dumbledore: Another year gone. And now, as I understand it, the house cup needs awarding, and the points stand thus. In fourth place, Gryffindor with 312 points. {Clapping. Harry and Hermione hide their heads.} Third place, Hufflepuff, with 352 points. {Clapping.} In second place, Ravenclaw, with 426 points. {Clapping.} And in first place, with 472 points, Slytherin House.



There is immense cheering.



Students: Whoo! Yeah!

Draco: Nice one, Mate! {sees Ron looking at him and sneers.}

Dumbledore: Yes, yes, well done Slytherin, well done Slytherin. However, recent events must be taken into account. And I have a few last minute points to award. {The Gryffindor students look up.} To Miss Hermione Granger, for the use of cool intellect when others were in great peril, 50 points. {Applause.}

Harry: {Pats} Good job.

Dumbledore: Second, to Mr. Ronald Weasley, for the best played game of chess {Ron looks at Harry and mouths, 'Me?' Harry nods, and mouths, 'You!'} that Hogwarts has seen these many years...50 points. {Applause} And third, to Mr. Harry Potter, for pure nerve and outstanding courage, I award Gryffindor house 60 points. {Immense cheering.}

Hermione: We're tied with Slytherin!

Dumbledore: And finally, it takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to your enemies, but a great deal more to stand up to your friends. I award 10 points to Neville Longbottom.



Immense cheering erupts. Neville is unbelieving, and sits there while cheering gets louder. Draco is downfallen.



Dumbledore: Assuming that my calculations are correct, I believe that a change of direction is in order. {Claps. The green banners change to Gryffindor red and yellow.} Gryffindor wins the House Cup!



Cheering.



Hagrid: Yes! {grins}



All students stand and throw their hats into the air, except Draco, who smashes his down onto the table.



Seamus: Neville! {Shakes his hand.}



All rub each other's hair and jump around, cheering and laughing.



Lee: Yeah! We won!! {Jumps with Harry, who looks back and grins very widely.}



Scene:

The outdoor train station. Students are walking around, getting in the train.



Hagrid: Come on now, hurry up. You'll be late. Train's leaving. Go on. Go on. Come on. Hurry up.



Harry hands Hedwig to a train man, and walks to an open door of the train with Hermione. Hermione waves to Hagrid, who waves back. Hermione gets in the train.



Hermione: Come on, Harry.

Harry: One minute. {He walks over to Hagrid.}

Hagrid: Thought you were leaving without saying good-bye, didja? {Hagrid takes a red album out of his coat pocket and hands it to Harry.} This is for you.



Harry opens the album and sees a picture, moving, of him as a baby with his parents. They are all smiling and waving. Harry smiles.



Harry: Thanks, Hagrid. {Shakes Hagrid's hand, then hugs him tightly.}

Hagrid: Oh. Go on...on with you. {Harry lets go.} Oh, listen, Harry, if that dolt of a cousin of yours, Dudley, gives you any grief, you could always, um, threaten him with a nice pair of ears to go with that tail of his.

Harry: But Hagrid, we're not allowed to do magic away from Hogwarts. You know that.

Hagrid: I do. But your cousin don't, do he? Eh? {chuckle} Off you go.



Harry walks away, back to the train door where Hermione and Ron are waiting.



Hermione: Feels strange to be going home, doesn't it?

Harry: I'm not going home. Not really.



The train whistles and they climb aboard. As the train starts to leave and the camera pans up over the whole scene, Harry waves out the window to Hagrid, who waves back and then waves more to other students as the camera pans far back, then the credits begin.


__EOF___


Harry Potter and The Chamber of Secrets
EXT. PRIVET DRIVE - DAY 1

WIDE HELICOPTER SHOT. Privet Drive. CAMERA CRANES DOWN,
DOWN, OVER the rooftops, FINDS the SECOND FLOOR WINDOW of
NUMBER 4. HARRY POTTER sits in the window.




2 OMITTED 2





3 INT. HARRY'S BEDROOM - DAY 3

Harry pages through a SCRAPBOOK, stops on a MOVING PHOTO
of Ron and Hermione. SQUAWK! Harry jumps. HEDWIG pecks
at the LOCK slung through her cage door, then glowers at
Harry.

HARRY

I can't, Hedwig. I'm not allowed
to use magic outside of school.
Besides, if Uncle Vernon --
At the sound of the name, HEDWIG SQUAWKS again, LOUDER.

UNCLE VERNON (O.S.)

Har-ry Pot-ter!

HARRY

Now you've done it.




4 INT. KITCHEN - DAY 4

While AUNT PETUNIA puts the finishing touches to a
PUDDING of WHIPPED CREAM and SUGARED VIOLETS, UNCLE
VERNON struggles with DUDLEY'S BOW TIE, all the while
glowering at Harry.

UNCLE VERNON

I warned you. If you can't
control that bloody bird, it'll
have to go.

HARRY

She's bored. If I could just let
her out for an hour or two --

UNCLE VERNON

And have you sending secret
messages to your freaky little
friends? No, sir.

(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02 2.




4 CONTINUED: 4





HARRY

But I haven't gotten any messages.
From any of my friends. Not one.
All summer.




DUDLEY

Who'd want to be friends with you?

UNCLE VERNON

I should think you'd be more
grateful. We raise you since you
were a baby, give you food off our
table, even let you have Dudley's
second bedroom... purely out of
the goodness of our hearts.

DUDLEY

I thought he got the second
bedroom because Mum was afraid
he'd turn us into dung beetles if
you put him back in the cupboard
under the stairs.
AUNT PETUNIA stops cold, exchanges a dark look with Uncle
Vernon, then sees Dudley extending a finger for the
pudding.

AUNT PETUNIA

Not yet, popkin. That's for when
the Masons arrive.

UNCLE VERNON

Which should be any moment. Now.
Let's run through our schedule one
more time. Petunia, when the
Masons get here, you will be --

AUNT PETUNIA

In the lounge, waiting to welcome
them graciously to our home.

UNCLE VERNON

Good. And Dudley?

DUDLEY

I'll be waiting to open the door.

UNCLE VERNON

Excellent.
(turning on Harry)
And you?

(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 5/14/02 3.




4 CONTINUED: (2) 4





HARRY

I'll be in my bedroom, making no
noise and pretending I don't
exist.




UNCLE VERNON

Too right you will. With any
luck, this could well be the day I
make the biggest deal of my
career.
DOORBELL RINGS. Instantly, Uncle Vernon shoves Harry out
of the kitchen and into the hallway.

UNCLE VERNON

Upstairs! Hurry!




5 OMITTED 5





6 INT. HARRY'S BEDROOM - DAY 6

Harry enters, turns, and stops dead: a tiny CREATURE
with bat-like ears and bulging green eyes is jumping on
his bed as if it were a trampoline. This is DOBBY.

DOBBY

Harry Potter! Such an honor it
is!

(CONTINUED)





4.





6 CONTINUED: 6





HARRY

What... Who are you?

DOBBY

Dobby, sir. Dobby the house elf.

HARRY

I see. Not to be rude or
anything, but this isn't a great
time for me to have a house-elf in
my bedroom.

DOBBY

Oh, yes, sir, Dobby understands.
It's just that, Dobby has come to
tell you... it is difficult, sir...
Dobby wonders where to begin.

HARRY

Why don't you sit down?

DOBBY

S-s-sit down?
Suddenly Dobby BURSTS INTO TEARS. LOUD TEARS. Harry
panics.

HARRY

Shhhh! I'm sorry. I didn't mean
to offend you or anything --

DOBBY

Offend Dobby! Dobby has heard of
your greatness, sir, but never has
he been asked to sit down by a
wizard, like an equal...

HARRY

You can't have met many decent
wizards then.
Dobby shakes his head, then without warning, LEAPS off the
bed and starts to BANG HIS HEAD FURIOUSLY ON THE FLOOR.

DOBBY

Bad Dobby! Bad Dobby!




7 INT. LIVING ROOM - DAY 7

Uncle Vernon pours champagne for MR. and MRS. MASON. As
Dobby's HEAD BANGING sounds from above, all eyes shift to
the ceiling. Uncle Vernon chuckles nervously.

(CONTINUED)





5.





7 CONTINUED: 7





UNCLE VERNON

Don't mind that. It's just the...
cat.




DUDLEY

Cat? What cat?

UNCLE VERNON

Our cat, tiger.




8 INT. HARRY'S BEDROOM - DAY 8

Dobby gets back to his feet, wobbling, eyes spinning
dizzily. Harry regards him with a mixture of concern...
and wariness.

HARRY

Are you... all right?

DOBBY

Dobby had to punish himself, sir.
Dobby almost spoke ill of his
family, sir.

HARRY

Your... family?

DOBBY

The wizard family Dobby serves,
sir. Dobby is bound to serve one
family forever. If they ever knew
Dobby was here...
Dobby shudders in fear, then looks up, WHISPERS urgently.

DOBBY

But Dobby had to come. Dobby has
to protect Harry Potter. To warn
him.
(in a fierce whisper)
Harry Potter must not go back to
Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and
Wizardry this year.

HARRY

Not go back? But... I have to.

DOBBY

This is a plot. A plot to make
most terrible things happen. If
Harry Potter goes back to school
he will be in great danger.

(CONTINUED)





6.





8 CONTINUED: 8





HARRY

What terrible things? Who's
plotting them?



Dobby makes a funny CHOKING and GAGGING noise.

HARRY

Okay! I understand. You can't
say --
Too late. Dobby grabs the bedside lamp and starts
beating himself about the head and YELPING LOUDLY.




9 INT. LIVING ROOM - DAY 9

Uncle Vernon is in the midst of telling a joke.

UNCLE VERNON

They arrive at the ninth hole
and --
DOBBY'S YELPS INTERRUPT, ringing out from above.

MR. MASON

Sounds as if that cat of yours has
dragged something in with it,
Dursley.

UNCLE VERNON

Not to worry. I'll sort it out.




10 INT. HARRY'S BEDROOM - DAY 10

Harry wrestles the lamp away from Dobby.

HARRY

Stop! Stop!
FOOTSTEPS THUNDER on the landing. Quickly, Harry grabs
Dobby by the pillowcase and pitches him into the
wardrobe... just as the door FLINGS OPEN.

UNCLE VERNON

What the devil are you doing up
here! You've just ruined the
punch line of my Japanese golfer
joke. One more sound and you'll
wish you'd never been born, boy!
He stomps flat-footed from the room and SLAMS THE DOOR.
Harry lets Dobby out of the wardrobe.

(CONTINUED)





7.





10 CONTINUED: 10





HARRY

See why I've got to go back? I
don't belong here. I belong in
your world -- at Hogwarts. It's
the only place I've got...
friends.

DOBBY

Friends who don't even write to
Harry Potter?

HARRY

Well, I expect they've been --
hang on, how do you know my
friends haven't been writing me?
Guiltily, Dobby takes out a STACK of LETTERS.

DOBBY

Harry Potter mustn't be angry with
Dobby -- Dobby hoped if Harry
Potter thought his friends had
forgotten him... Harry Potter
might not want to go back to
school, sir...

HARRY

Give me those. Now.
Dobby frowns sadly, then DASHES out the door.
Panicking...




11 INT. HALLWAY/STAIRS/KITCHEN - DAY 11

... Harry flies desperately after, Dobby bouncing like a
ping-pong ball down the stairs and into the kitchen. As
Harry races in, he finds Dobby on the counter, waving his
arms. Aunt Petunia's masterpiece of a pudding RISES,
then floats into the living room, HOVERING over the
Mason's heads. The Masons don't see, but the Dursleys --
goggle-eyed--do.

HARRY

Dobby... Please... No...

DOBBY

Harry Potter must say he's not
going back to school.

HARRY

I can't. Hogwarts is my home.

(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 4/9/02 8.




11 CONTINUED: 11





DOBBY

(a tragic
expression)
Then Dobby must do it, sir. For
Harry Potter's own good.
Dobby SNAPS HIS FINGERS. The pudding PLUMMETS...
straight onto the Masons. They stand blinking, covered
head to foot with whipped cream and sugared violets. The
Masons exit. Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia race after
them.

UNCLE VERNON

I'm sorry. It's our nephew. Very
disturbed. Meeting strangers
upsets him, so we kept him
upstairs...




11A EXT. DURSLEY HOUSE - DAY 11A

The Masons RACE out of the house, the Dursleys FOLLOWING.

AUNT PETUNIA

We have ice cream...
The Masons get into their car and drive off, just as a
SHRIEKING SOUND splits the sky. An OWL SWOOPS down, and
DROPS a LETTER at Uncle Vernon's feet. He picks up the
letter, opens it. As he reads it, a mad gleam dances in
Uncle Vernon's eye. He turns and races back inside the
house. Aunt Petunia follows.




11B INT. DURSLEY HOUSE - NIGHT 11B

Uncle Vernon runs back into the living room, extends the
letter to Harry.

UNCLE VERNON

Go on. Read it.

HARRY

'Dear Mr. Potter. We have
received intelligence that a Hover
Charm was used at your place of
residence at twelve minutes past
seven this evening. As you know,
underage wizards...'

UNCLE VERNON

'... are not permitted to perform
spells outside school.'

(MORE)


(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 4/9/02 8A.




11B CONTINUED: 11B





UNCLE VERNON (CONT'D)

(snatching the letter)
You didn't tell us you weren't
Allowed to use magic at home.
Slipped your mind, didn't it?

(MORE)


(CONTINUED)





9.





11B CONTINUED: (2) 11B





UNCLE VERNON (CONT'D)

Well, I've got news for you, boy.
I'm locking you up! And if you
try to magic yourself out, they'll
expel you! You're never going
back to that school! Never!




12 EXT./INT. HARRY'S BEDROOM - NEXT DAY 12


A SHORT MONTAGE BEGINS:

Uncle Vernon fits IRON BARS to the inside of Harry's
window.
Drills a METAL FLAP to the base of the bedroom door.
Fits a FAT, GREY LOCK to the door itself. Soaking with
sweat, he casts Harry a nasty grin and pulls shut the
DOOR. It closes with the DULL CLANK of a cell.




13 INT. HARRY'S BEDROOM - NIGHT 13

Harry stares gloomily out the window. The METAL FLAP
RATTLES and Dudley's pudgy hand slides a BOWL of TINNED
SOUP onto the floor. He grins cruelly through the
opening.

DUDLEY

I know what day it is.

HARRY

Well done, Dudley. Finally
learned the days of the week, have
you.

DUDLEY

Today's your birthday. And nobody
cares.
Dudley SNAPS SHUT the flap. Harry sighs, takes the soup
and a bit of stale bread, and crosses to Hedwig.

HARRY

It's no good turning your beak up.
It's all we've got.
Harry feeds a piece of bread to Hedwig... as we...

DISSOLVE TO:


(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 3/1/02 10.




13 CONTINUED: 13





SAME SCENE - LATER

Harry leans against the wall. Asleep. There is a gentle
TAPPING SOUND. Harry opens his eyes and is stunned to
see... RON WEASLEY staring through the bedroom window.

HARRY

Ron?

RON

Hiya, Harry.




13A EXT. DURSLEY HOUSE - NIGHT 13A

An OLD, TURQUOISE-COLORED FORD ANGLIA floats in midair.
Ron leans out the back window. His brother FRED sits in
the driver's seat. Fred's twin George is in the
passenger seat.

HARRY

Fred? George? What're you doing
here?

RON

Rescuing you, of course. Where's
your trunk?




13B CLOSEUP - HARRY'S TRUNK 13B

Stuffed with clothes, spellbooks. The trunk CLOSES, SNAPS
SHUT. Harry drags the trunk to the windowsill, watches Ron
tie off a fierce knot on the bars of Harry's window.

RON

Stand back.
Harry steps back. Ron turns, nods to Fred.




13C INSERT - FRED'S FOOT 13C

Fred STEPS ON the accelerator.




13D EXT. DURSLEY HOUSE - NIGHT 13D

The Ford Anglia FLIES UP into the air, the rope SNAPS
TIGHT, and -- CRUNCH! -- the bars are TORN from the
window. Bricks and bars RAIN DOWN onto the lawn below, a
mangled mess.

13E INT. UNCLE VERNON'S BEDROOM - NIGHT 13E

Uncle Vernon WAKES...




11.





14 OMITTED 14

thru thru

16 16





17 INT./EXT. HARRY'S BEDROOM/THE CAR - MOMENTS LATER 17




Harry pushes the trunk over the sill into the Anglia's
boot, then scrambles through the window himself, when...

SQUAWK!


HARRY

Hedwig!
Harry clambers back, grabs Hedwig's cage, swings it onto
the ledge, when... BAM! The bedroom door CRASHES OPEN.




UNCLE VERNON

Petunia! He's getting away!
As Harry leaps for the windowsill, Uncle Vernon CHARGES
FORWARD and SNATCHES his ankle. Harry tumbles into the
darkness, one hand gripping Hedwig's cage, the other
reaching out and... CATCHING Ron's at the last possible
second.
Uncle Vernon puts both hands to Harry's ankle, pulls
harder. Ron braces himself, pulls back. Harry hangs,
stretched high over the lawn, directly above the mangled
steel bars.
CLOSEUP: Harry's hand begins to slip from Ron's fingers.
INSIDE OF CAGE: Hedwig PECKS feverishly at the LOCK.
CLOSE-UP: Ron. PANICKED.

RON

Hold on, Harry!

UNCLE VERNON

Oh no, boy! You and that bloody
pigeon aren't going anywhere!
CLOSE-UP: Harry's hand begins to slip away from Ron's.
INSIDE OF CAGE: Hedwig PECKS HARDER and... the CAGE

OPENS.

Hedwig SWOOPS into the sky, WHEELS BACK and hammers her
beak into Uncle Vernon's hand. He ROARS, stumbles back
and... Ron and George pull Harry into the air.

RON

Put your foot down, Fred!

(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02 12.




17 CONTINUED: 17




Like a rocket, the Anglia sails into the stars. Harry
glances back, sees Aunt Petunia and Dudley join Uncle
Vernon at the window. As Hedwig races up, soaring just
beyond the car window, Ron turns to Harry.




RON

By the way, Harry. Happy
Birthday.

DISSOLVE TO:





18 EXT. THE BURROW - EARLY MORNING 18

As the Anglia drops through a pink sky, a haphazard mess
of a HOUSE, built around a towering central chimney,
appears below. By the road, a lopsided SIGN reads: THE
BURROW. FLUMPH! The car touches down in a WHIRLING CONE
of dust, scatters a group of chickens, and fishtails to a
halt. The boys spill quickly out of the car. FRED
WHISPERS urgently.

FRED

Hurry! Let's nip inside before
Mum wakes up!




19 INT. FRONT ROOM - THE BURROW - MOMENTS LATER 19

The boys sneak inside, gently close the door. Harry
stops. Magical objects surround him: A CLOCK displays
different chores for each family member. A pair of
NEEDLES knit a sweater by themselves. And a stack of
PLAYING CARDS that. A stack of PLAYING CARDS SHUFFLE
themselves, providing a cooling breeze for Ron's aging
rat, SCABBERS. Ron shrugs, averts his eyes self-
consciously.

RON

It's not much.

HARRY

I think it's... brilliant!
Ron looks up. Sees Harry's mesmerized face. Slowly...

GRINS.


MRS. WEASLEY (O.S.)


WHERE... HAVE... YOU... BEEN?!

The boys nearly jump out of their skin. MRS. WEASLEY
stands in the doorway. Furious. She smiles sweetly at
Harry.

(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02 13.




19 CONTINUED: 19





MRS. WEASLEY

Harry! How wonderful to see you.
(back to the boys)
Beds empty! No note! You
could've died! You could've been
seen!
(again, to Harry)
I don't blame you, of course,
dear.

RON

They were starving him, Mum!
There were bars on his window!

MRS. WEASLEY

You best hope I don't put bars on
your window, Ronald Weasley!
(softening instantly)
Care for a spot of tea, Harry?

GINNY

Mummy. Have you seen my jumper --
A small, RED-HEADED GIRL appears. Sees Harry. And...
SQUEALS. Dashes back up the stairs. Ron frowns.

RON

Ginny. Been talking about you all
summer. Dead annoying, really.

GEORGE

Dad's home!
The front door OPENS and ARTHUR WEASLEY enters. A tall
man with red hair, his robes look dusty and travel-worn.

MR. WEASLEY

What a night! Nine raids! Nine!

HARRY

(to Ron)
Raids?

RON

Dad works at the Ministry of
Magic. In the Misuse of Muggle
Artefacts Office.

HARRY

The Misuse of Muggle Artefacts...?

(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02 14.




19 CONTINUED: (2) 19





RON

That's when wizards bewitch
something to drive Muggles mad.
Shrinking door keys, that kind of
thing. Dad loves Muggles. Thinks
they're fascinating.
Mr. Weasley hangs up his cloak, turns. Blinks.

MR. WEASLEY

Well now. Who are you?

RON

Harry, sir. Harry Potter.

MR. WEASLEY

Good Lord, are you really? Ron's
told us all about you, of course.
When did you get here?

MRS. WEASLEY

(darkly)
This morning. Your sons flew that
enchanted car of yours to Surrey
house and back last night.

MR. WEASLEY

Did you now! How'd it go?!
(catching his
wife's eye)
I... I mean... That was very
wrong, boys. Very wrong indeed.
So, Harry. You must know all
about Muggles. Tell me, what
exactly is the function of a
parking meter?
Harry is about to answer, when he notices an OWL (ERROL)
soaring toward the kitchen window. To Harry's horror,
the owl doesn't pull up. It just flies... SMACK!... into
the glass.

MRS. WEASLEY

That must be Errol with the post.
Fetch him, will you, George?
George takes the unconscious Errol, absently lays him on
a draining board, and takes the LETTERS clutched in his
claws.

GEORGE

It's our Hogwarts letters! And
look. They've sent Harry's as well.

(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02 15.




19 CONTINUED: (3) 19





MR. WEASLEY

Dumbledore must know you're here,
Harry. Doesn't miss a trick, that
man.




FRED

(reading his)
This lot won't come cheap, Mum.
The spellbooks alone...

MRS. WEASLEY

We'll manage. Right then.
There's only one place to get all
of this.

HARRY/RON/FRED/GEORGE

Diagon Alley!




19A OMITTED 19A

thru thru

23 23





24 INT. LIVING ROOM - THE BURROW - DAY (LATER) 24

Everyone has gathered in front of the large fireplace.

MRS. WEASLEY

You first, Harry dear.
Mrs. Weasley offers Harry a FLOWERPOT. At the bottom is
a layer of VERY SOFT DUST. Harry frowns in confusion.

RON

Harry's never traveled by Floo
Powder before, Mum.

HARRY

Floo Powder?
Just then, Ron's older brother PERCY enters.

MRS. WEASLEY

Percy. Would you mind going
first, so Harry can see how it's
done?

PERCY

Certainly, Mother. Don't worry,
Harry. It's simple enough.

(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02 16.




24 CONTINUED: 24




Percy takes a pinch from the pot, pitches it into the
fireplace and BRIGHT GREEN FLAMES ROAR HIGH. To Harry's
amazement, he calmly walks... straight into them.




PERCY

Diagon Alley.
Percy VANISHES. Tentatively, Harry reaches into the pot.

MRS. WEASLEY

Remember to speak clearly, dear!

RON

And mind you get out at the right grate!

HARRY

(nodding, unsure)
D-Dia-gon Alley!




25 INT. SPIRALING TUNNEL 25

The SOUND is DEAFENING as Harry hurtles forward,
squinting against the sting of WHIRLING SOOT and the mad,
flickering lights of passing fireplaces. He falls face
forward...




26 INT. BORGIN AND BURKES - STONE FIREPLACE - DAY 26

... onto a stone hearth. Dizzy and dirty, Harry reclaims
his shattered glasses. He's tumbled into a wizard's
shop, but a decidedly creepy one. He starts to exit,
when a WITHERED HAND in a GLASS CASE catches his eye:
The Hand of Glory. Nearby, an OPAL NECKLACE gleams:
Caution: Do not touch. Cursed--Has Claimed the Lives of
Nineteen Muggle Owners to Date. Oddly transfixed by it
all, Harry drifts toward the exit, when...

(CONTINUED)





17.





26 CONTINUED: 26




DRACO MALFOY and his father, LUCIUS MALFOY, appear beyond
the front window, approaching the shop. Harry glances
about, spies a LARGE BLACK CABINET and slips inside. As
he pulls the doors closed, a TINY CARD swings INTO VIEW:
Crushing Cabinet.
Malfoy and his father enter. A stooped man (MR. BORGIN)
emerges from the back room. IN THE CABINET, Harry
watches, unaware that the walls around him are... SLOWLY

CLOSING IN.


MR. BORGIN

Mr. Malfoy! What a pleasure to
see you again. If I may, just in
today --

LUCIUS MALFOY

I'm not buying today, Mr. Borgin.
But selling.

MR. BORGIN

Selling?

LUCIUS MALFOY

You have heard, of course, that
the Ministry of Magic is
conducting more raids. There are
even rumors of a new Muggle
Protection Act...
Lucius unravels a roll of parchment, hands it to Borgin.

LUCIUS MALFOY

I have a few... ah... items at
home that might prove embarrassing
if the Ministry were to call.
Certain poisons and the like...

MR. BORGIN

Hmmm... yes. I see...
INSIDE THE CABINET, Harry realizes the walls are CLOSING
IN. His eyes shift upward. The ceiling is DROPPING.
Draco drifts to the Hand of Glory, reaches out, when...
the HAND GRABS HIM. Draco shrieks, manages to slip free,
then calms. He eyes the hand with malicious glee.

DRACO

Can I have this?

(CONTINUED)





18.





26 CONTINUED: (2) 26





MR. BORGIN

Ah, the Hand of Glory. Insert a
candle and it gives light only to
the holder. Best friend of
thieves and plunderers. Your son
has fine taste, sir.

LUCIUS MALFOY

Hopefully my son will amount to
more than a thief, Mr. Borgin.
Though if his marks don't pick
up --

DRACO

It's not my fault the teachers
have favorites. That Hermione
Granger --

LUCIUS MALFOY

I would have thought you'd be
ashamed that a girl of no
wizarding family beat you in every
exam.

MR. BORGIN

It's the same all over. Wizard
blood is counting for less
everywhere.

LUCIUS MALFOY

(deadly)
Not with me.
INSIDE THE CABINET, Harry's knees are up under his chin...
Borgin checks off one last time, then returns the
parchment to Lucius. Satisfied, Malfoy nods.

LUCIUS MALFOY

Very good. I'll expect you at the
manor tomorrow. Come, Draco.
They exit. As Borgin slips into the back room, the
Crushing Cabinet's doors FLY OPEN and Harry leaps free.
Inside, the walls, floor, and ceiling SNAP SHUT! Borgin
reappears, blinks curiously at Harry, then watches him
RACE out the door.




27 EXT. KNOCKTURN ALLEY - DAY (MOMENTS LATER) 27

Once outside, Harry fits his broken glasses to his face,
eyes a STREET SIGN: "KNOCKTURN ALLEY."

(CONTINUED)





19.





27 CONTINUED: 27




The vendors here clearly cater to the Dark Arts:
SHRUNKEN HEADS, POISONOUS CANDLES. One window teems with

SPIDERS.





AGED WITCH (O.S.)

Not lost are you, my dear?
Harry wheels, looking into the mossy teeth of a decrepit
WITCH. She holds a tray of HUMAN FINGERNAILS.

HARRY

I'm fine, thanks. I'm just --

HAGRID

HARRY! What d'yer think yer doin'
down 'ere?

HARRY

Hagrid!
Hagrid knocks the tray from the cursing Witch's hands,
then seizes Harry by the scruff of the neck and steers
him away.




28 EXT. DIAGON ALLEY - CONTINUOUS ACTION - DAY 28

Hagrid swats at Harry's sooty clothes.

HAGRID

Yer a mess! Skulkin' 'round
Knockturn Alley. Dodgy place,
Harry. Don't want no one ter see
yeh down there. People'll be
thinkin' yer up ter no good.

HARRY

I was lost, I -- Hang on. What
were you doing down there?

HAGRID

I was lookin' fer a Flesh Eatin'
Slug Repellent. They're ruinin'
the school cabbages.

HERMIONE (O.S.)

Harry!
Harry looks up, sees HERMIONE GRANGER standing at the top
of Gringotts' white steps. She runs down to meet them.

(CONTINUED)





20.





28 CONTINUED: 28





HERMIONE

Hello, Hagrid. Oh, it's wonderful
to see you two again.



She stops then, cocks her head curiously at Harry, then
takes out her wand and points it directly between his
eyes.

HERMIONE

Oculus Reparo.
Instantly, Harry's glasses are mended.

HARRY

I need to remember that one.

HERMIONE

C'mon. Everyone's been so worried.
Hermione leads them to Gringotts, where Hermione's rather
nervous-looking Muggle parents stand with the Weasleys.

MR. WEASLEY

So you're dentists! Fascinating!
I understand other Muggles quite
fear you? Why is that?

MRS. WEASLEY

Oh, Harry. Thank goodness. We
hoped you'd only gone one grate
too far. Come now. We're off to
Flourish and Blotts.

HERMIONE

Isn't it thrilling! Gilderoy
Lockhart's going to be there! We
can actually meet him! I mean,
he's written almost the whole
booklist!
As Mrs. Weasley and Hermione dash off, Harry frowns.

HARRY

Who?




29 OMITTED 29





29A EXT. FLOURISH AND BLOTTS - DAY 29A

CLOSE-UP: GILDEROY LOCKHART. A handsome, golden-haired
wizard with stunning pearl-white teeth. He miles, winks
at the camera.

(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02 21.




29A CONTINUED: 29A




DOLLY BACK to reveal that the image of Lockhart is
actually a MOVING PHOTOGRAPH propped in the window. A
PLACARD declares: HERE TODAY! SIGNING COPIES OF HIS

AUTOBIOGRAPHY, MAGICAL ME... GILDEROY LOCKHART!








30 INT. FLOURISH AND BLOTTS - DAY 30

Harry and the others thread their way through a
CHATTERING THRONG of MIDDLE-AGED LADIES, all craning
their necks for a view of Lockhart, who sits signing
books at the rear of the shop. At the sight of him, Mrs.
Weasley pats her hair.

MRS. WEASLEY

There he is!

RON

Mum fancies him.
For this, Mrs. Weasley gives Ron a jab in the shoulder.
A SHORT MAN WITH A CAMERA bumps past.

SHORT MAN

Out of the way! This is for The
Daily Prophet!
Instantly, Lockhart looks up, flashes a smile, when...

GILDEROY LOCKHART

It can't be Harry Potter?
The crowd WHISPERS excitedly as Lockhart dives forward,
seizes Harry's hand and turns him toward the
photographer.

GILDEROY LOCKHART

(under his breath)
Nice big smile, Harry. Together,
you and I rate the front page.
(as the CAMERA FLASHES)
Ladies and gentlemen! What an
extraordinary moment this is!
When young Harry here stepped into
Flourish and Blotts this morning
to purchase my autobiography,
Magical Me -- which, incidentally
is celebrating its twenty-seventh
week atop The Daily Prophet's
Bestseller List -- he had no idea
that he would, in fact, be leaving
with my entire collected works!
Free of charge!

(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02 22.




30 CONTINUED: 30




As the crowd CLAPS, Lockhart catches the eye of a FLUNKY
and, before Harry knows it, a towering stack of books is
shoved into his arms. Mortified, Harry mumbles quietly.




HARRY

Thank you.
Slipping free, Harry drifts back into the crowd and, red
with embarrassment, drops the books into Ginny's
cauldron.

HARRY

You have these. I'll buy my
own --

DRACO

(appearing, sneers)
Bet you loved that, didn't you,
Potter? Famous Harry Potter.
Can't even go into a bookshop
without making the front page.

GINNY

Leave him alone! He didn't want
all that!

DRACO

Look, Potter. You've got yourself
a girlfriend!

(CONTINUED)





23.





30 CONTINUED: (2) 30





LUCIUS MALFOY

Silence, Draco! Ah... Mr. Potter.
I don't believe we've met.



Lucius Malfoy extends his hand, as if offering to shake
Harry's, but instead gently plays his fingers over the
fringe of Harry's scalp, revealing Harry's LIGHTNING BOLT
SCAR. At his touch, Harry withdraws, ever so slightly.

LUCIUS MALFOY

Forgive me, Mr. Potter. But your
scar is legend. As, of course, is
the wizard who gave it to you.

HARRY

He was a murderer.

LUCIUS MALFOY

Yes, a pity about your parents.
Curious that you yourself should
escape with a mere flesh wound.
Curious, too, that you speak of
him in the past. Surely, you
don't think He-Who-Must-Not-Be-
Named is gone forever.

HARRY

His name is Voldemort.
Those within earshot gasp as Harry utters the word.

LUCIUS MALFOY

You must be very brave, Mr.
Potter, to dare speak his name.
Or foolish.

HERMIONE

Fear of a name only increases fear
of the thing itself.
Lucius Malfoy's eyes slide, find Hermione staring
defiantly.

LUCIUS MALFOY

You must be Miss Granger. Draco's
told me all about you... and your
parents. Muggles, aren't you?
Mr. and Mrs. Granger nod nervously. Lucius Malfoy can
barely disguise his distaste for them. Arthur Weasley
hurries over.

(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 5/14/02 24.




30 CONTINUED: (3) 30





MR. WEASLEY

Ron! Harry! It's mad in here.
Let's go outside.




LUCIUS MALFOY

Well, well, well -- Arthur
Weasley.

MR. WEASLEY

(stiffly)
Lucius.

LUCIUS MALFOY

Busy time at the Ministry. All
those raids. I hope they're
paying you overtime.
Malfoy reaches into Ginny's cauldron, removes a very old,
battered copy of A Beginner's Guide to Transfiguration.

LUCIUS MALFOY

Obviously not. Dear me. What's
the use of being a disgrace to the
name of wizard if they don't even
pay you well for it.

MR. WEASLEY

We have a very different idea
about what disgraces the name of
wizard, Lucius.

LUCIUS MALFOY

(glancing at the
Grangers)
Clearly. The company you keep,
Weasley. And I thought your
family could sink no lower.
Mr. Weasley moves to hit Lucius Malfoy. Hagrid steps
forward, puts a firm hand on Mr. Weasley's shoulder.

HAGRID

Ignore 'im, Arthur.
Mr. Weasley backs away. Lucius Malfoy tosses Ginny's
BATTERED TEXTBOOK back into her cauldron.

LUCIUS MALFOY

Here, girl. Take your book. It's
the best your father can give you.
Lucius and Draco exit. Hagrid looks at the Weasleys.

(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 5/14/02 25.




30 CONTINUED: (4) 30





HAGRID

No Malfoy's worth listenin' ter.
Rotten ter the core, the whole
family...



As Harry watches Draco and his father go, we --

DISSOLVE TO:





30A OMITTED 30A





30B EXT. KING'S CROSS - MORNING 30B

Amid a neat line of cars, the Anglia sits at a decidedly
odd angle, as if its driver were not the most skilled
motorist.




31 OMITTED 31





32 INT. KING'S CROSS - DAY 32

The Weasleys and Harry -- pushing large TROLLEYS -- dash
under the LARGE CLOCK which reads two minutes to eleven.

MRS. WEASLEY

Oh dear! The train'll be leaving
any moment! All together now!
Hurrying, they race to PLATFORMS NINE AND TEN. Quickly,
Percy, Fred and George stride briskly toward the stone
barrier that divides the platforms -- and simply

DISAPPEAR.


MRS. WEASLEY

Go on, Ginny. You know what to
do.
Ginny, looking a bit nervous, rushes toward the barrier,
closes her eyes, and sleds...




32A INT. PLATFORM NINE AND THREE QUARTERS - DAY 32A

... out onto the other side. As she gazes at the
HOGWARTS EXPRESS, Mr. and Mrs. Weasley materialize at her
side.

(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02 26.




32A CONTINUED: 32A





MRS. WEASLEY (O.S.)

Come, Ginny. We'll get you a
seat.







32B INT. KING'S CROSS 32B

Ron glances at the clock.

RON

We better hurry.
Harry nods, leans into his trolley and -- CRASH! -- hits
the barrier and bounces back into Ron. A GUARD glowers.

GUARD

What in blazes d'you two think
you're doing?

HARRY

Sorry. Lost control of the
trolley.
(to Ron)
Why can't we get through?

RON

I dunno. The gateway's sealed
itself for some reason.
As Ron presses his ear to the barrier, the CLOCK CHIMES.

HARRY

The train leaves at exactly eleven
o'clock. We've missed it.

RON

Can't hear a thing.
(a sudden thought)
Harry. If we can't get through,
maybe Mum and Dad can't get back.

HARRY

Maybe we should go wait by the
car.

RON

The car!




33 EXT. PARKING LOT (KING'S CROSS) - MOMENTS LATER 33

Pushing their trolleys madly before them, Harry and Ron
dash to the car, load their belongings into the Anglia's
boot.

(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02 27.




33 CONTINUED: 33





HARRY

This is mad. We can't drive to
Hogwarts.




RON

Who says we're driving?

HARRY

You don't mean -- Ron, no.

RON

Look, who knows when Mum and Dad
will get back. And we've got to
get to school, haven't we? And
even underage wizards are allowed
to use magic if it's an absolute
emergency. Least that's what Fred
and George always say...

HARRY

Something tells me we're going to
regret this.




33A INT. ANGLIA - DAY 33A

Ron TAPS his WAND on the dash and the Anglia burbles to
life.

HARRY

No offense, Ron, but are you sure
you know how to fly this.

RON

No problem.
Ron SHIFTS. With a GREAT JOLT, the car lifts from the
ground.

RON

There. See. Now I reckon all we
have to do is find the Hogwarts
Express and follow it. Simple.
Harry nods, not entirely convinced. He peers out the
window. Down below, TWO PEDESTRIANS stare in disbelief.

HARRY

Uh, Ron. I should tell you. Most
Muggles aren't accustomed to
seeing a flying car.

RON

Right.
Ron presses a TINY SILVER BUTTON on the dashboard and
they... DISAPPEAR. Down below, the baffled pedestrians
blink.




28.





34 EXT. FLYING CAR (SCOTLAND) - DAY (LATER) 34




CAMERA STARTS IN the clouds, passes through, finds
Scotland's stunning green. The Anglia's ENGINE PUTTERS
softly, when -- POP! - the car reappears. Ron jabs at
the silver button.




RON

Uh oh. The Invisibility Booster
must be faulty.
CAMERA ZOOMS ALONG the ridge of a cliff. The
car reappears from above, gliding away FROM CAMERA.

RON

Any sign of the train?

HARRY

There! Up ahead! Look...
Along a STEEP BRIDGE, a single line of TRAIN TRACKS
appear.

RON

Brilliant.
Ron SHIFTS, GLIDES DOWN, until the Anglia is only a few
feet above the tracks. The boys peer ahead, looking for
the train.

RON

It must be around here
someplace.
Behind them, through the Anglia's rear window, the
Hogwarts Express APPEARS, closing fast. Harry and Ron
perk up. Smile.

HARRY

Do you hear that?
Then, at precisely the same moment, Harry and Ron
register the DIRECTION of the sound. They glance at each
other, turn as one and see the train GROWING HUGE in the
rear window.

HARRY/RON

Aaaahhhhh!
Ron SPINS THE WHEEL, puts his foot to the gas and -- at
the last possible second -- whips the Anglia out of the
train's path. The car WAFFLES, TOPPLES upside down
briefly, before...

(CONTINUED)





29.





34 CONTINUED: 34




... TILTING onto its side. As it jets under the bridge,
Harry goes SLIDING DOWN ACROSS HIS SEAT, into the door,
and... OUT. Dangling upside-down from the open door, he
watches the Hogwarts Express ZIP PAST and, in one window,
glimpses NEVILLE and SEAMUS, mouths open in astonishment.

RON

Take my hand!
Harry's grips Ron's hand, eyes the train steaming far
below. It's quite a drop. Harry's fingers begin to LOSE

THEIR GRIP.


RON

Hold on!

HARRY

I'm trying! Your hand's all
sweaty!
Straining, Ron yanks him inside, levels off the car. As
Harry falls heavily into his seat, he BUCKLES his safety
belt.

HARRY

I think we found the train.




35 EXT. HOGWARTS CASTLE - FLYING CAR - NIGHT 35

As HOGWARTS CASTLE comes INTO VIEW, the Anglia ENTERS

FRAME.


RON

Welcome home, Harry.
Harry smiles at the sight of it, when... the Anglia

GROANS.


HARRY

Just out of interest, Ron. Have
you ever landed a car before?

RON

Well... no. but, until a few
hours ago, I'd never taken off in
one either.
With that, the car LURCHES, the nose DROPS, and...

RON

Uh oh.

(CONTINUED)





30.





35 CONTINUED: 35




... Harry, Ron and car go pitching through the night. As
Ron rakes the GEARS, they hurtle madly toward the CASTLE

WALL.





RON


IT'S NOT WORKING!


HARRY


UP! UP!

Ron SHIFTS desperately. The Anglia LURCHES up, barely
clears the castle wall. Harry and Ron exchange a look of
relief, when... the car GROANS again, LURCHES...
downward.

HARRY


MIND THAT TREE!

Down below a GIANT WILLOW TREE looms. Ron SHIFTS.
Nothing.

HARRY


TURN! TURN!

Harry reaches over and, together, he and Ron SPIN THE
WHEEL. It's useless. The car is heading straight for the
tree. Desperately, Ron WHIPS OUT his wand and WHACKS THE

DASHBOARD.


RON


STOP! STOP! STOP!

The wand SNAPS IN TWO and -- CRUNCH! -- car meets tree.
Harry blinks. They hang dreamily, BALANCED on the

HIGHEST LIMB.


RON

My wand! Look at my wand!

HARRY

Be thankful it's not your neck.
THWUNMP! Something HEAVY HITS Harry's door, sends a
SHUDDER through the car.

RON

What's happening?
Slowly, they look up and, in disbelief, watch one of the
tree's branches PULL BACK, CURL INTO ITSELF, and come
LASHING FORWARD like a MASSIVE FIST. THWUMP!

(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02 31.




35 CONTINUED: (2) 35





HARRY/RON

Aaaaahhhhh!
The Anglia tilts crazily, slides backwards and FREE-FALLS
through the air and... LANDS on lower grid of branches.

RON

What kind of tree is this?
Before Harry can respond, the tree begins to PUMMEL THE
CAR from all sides, tossing Henry and Ron about like
popcorn. WINDOWS SHATTER. Heavy DENTS appear on the
roof above Ron and Harry's heads. Then the car FALLS
again...
... SLAMMING HEAVILY TO THE GROUND. Instantly, the
tree's lower branches shoot through the front and rear
windscreens and, gaining purchase, begin to SHAKE THE CAR

BACK AND FORTH.


HARRY/RON

Aaaaahhhhh!
The tree PITCHES the car into the air. As the Anglia
SLAMS DOWN again, bobbing on its SQUEALING SHOCKS, the
ENGINE BURBLES BACK TO LIFE. Harry LOOKS UP, peering
through the shattered windscreen. The willow's branches,
as one, rear back, ready for one last punishing blow.
Harry CRIES OUT.

HARRY

Reverse! Reverse!
Ron SHIFTS, the CAR SHOOTS BACKWARDS, and the willow
PUMMELS THE TREAD-MARKED GROUND they just vacated.
Safely clear, the doors fly open, the seats tip sideways,
and Ron and Harry are ejected. As they hit the ground,
their trunks fly from the boot, Hedwig's cage rockets out
the back window, and Hedwig herself flaps into the night.
Taillights blazing angrily, the BATTERED car speeds off,
fishtailing into the Dark Forest.

RON

Dad's going to kill me.
They hear a TREMENDOUS GROAN, turn back, and see the
Whomping Willow assume its natural form, waiting for its
next victim.

36 EXT. STONE STEPS/ENTRANCE HALL - NIGHT 36

Filthy and bruised, Harry and Ron drag themselves up the
steps. Behind them we see the mountain of student trunks
and caged pets already brought up from the train.

(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02 32.




36 CONTINUED: 36





HARRY

A house elf shows up in my
bedroom, we can't get through the
barrier to Platform Nine and Three
Quarters, we almost get killed by
a tree... clearly someone doesn't
want me here this year.

FILCH

Well, take a good look, lads...
They stop. ARGUS FILCH stands at the top of the landing,
his cat -- MRS. NORRIS -- twitching her tail at his feet.

FILCH

This night might well be the last
you spend in this castle.




37 INT. SNAPE'S OFFICE - MOMENTS LATER 37

CLOSEUP: The Evening Prophet ENTERS FRAME. The HEADLINE
reads: FLYING FORD ANGLIA MYSTIFIES MUGGLES. Below the
fold a PHOTO shows Harry and Lockhart at Flourish and
Blotts. CAMERA PULLS BACK, PROFESSOR SEVERUS SNAPE
stands at his desk, newspaper in hand as Harry and Ron
stare with dread. Filch lurks in the doorway, eying them
with pleasure.

(CONTINUED)





33.





37 CONTINUED: 37





SNAPE

You were seen! By no less then
seven Muggles. Do you have any
idea how serious this is? You
have risked the exposure of our
world. Not to mention the damage
you inflicted on a Whomping Willow
that has been on these grounds for
hundreds of years.

RON

Honestly, Professor Snape, I think
it did more damage to us.

SNAPE

Silence! I assure you, were you
in Slytherin and your fate rested
with me, the both of you would be
on the train home tonight. As it
is --

ALBUS DUMBLEDORE

They are not.
Harry and Ron turn. ALBUS DUMBLEDORE stands in the
doorway. Alongside him is a distinctly annoyed PROFESSOR
McGONAGALL.

HARRY

Professor Dumbledore. Professor
McGonagall...

SNAPE

Headmaster, these boys have
flouted the Decree for the
Restriction of Underage Wizardry.
As such...

ALBUS DUMBLEDORE

I'm well aware of our bylaws,
Severus, having written more than
a few myself. However, as Head of
Gryffindor House, it is for
Professor McGonagall to determine
the appropriate action.

RON

(rising gloomily)
We'll go and get our stuff.
PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
What are you talking about, Mr.
Weasley?

(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02 34.




37 CONTINUED: (2) 37





RON

Well, you're going to expel us,
aren't you?



PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
Not today, Mr. Weasley. But I
must impress upon both of you the
seriousness of what you have done.
I will be sending owls to both of
your families tonight. And you
will each get a detention.
Snape casts a look of pure venom at Harry and Ron.

DUMBLEDORE

Splendid. Now, I suggest we
return to the feast. There's a
delicious-looking custard tart I
want to sample.
Rising, Harry spies an ENVELOPE on the floor. Taking it,
he reads the back: "KWIKSPELL. A CORRESPONDENCE COURSE IN
BEGINNER'S MAGIC." It's addressed to "MR. ARGUS FILCH."

HARRY

Mr. Filch. You dropped this...
Filch turns, eyes the envelope with embarrassment, then
snatches it from Harry's hand and stuffs it into his
pocket.




38 OMITTED 38





39 EXT. HOGWARTS CASTLE - MORNING 39

The Whomping Willow sulks in the courtyard, SLINGS strung
about its injured branches. CAMERA CRANES OVER the
castle walls, REVEALING the exterior of GREENHOUSE THREE,
where students hurry inside for the beginning of class.




40 INT. GREENHOUSE THREE - MORNING 40

As Harry and Ron enter, SEAMUS, NEVILLE and some of the
other Gryffindors hover nearby.

NEVILLE

Detention. On the first day?

SEAMUS

That must be some kind of record.

(CONTINUED)





35.





40 CONTINUED: 40





HERMIONE

I should think you'd count
yourself lucky that's all you got.




RON

I should think you'd mind your own
business.
They glare at each other. PROFESSOR SPROUT, a squat
little witch, TAPS her wand on a stack of POTS.

PROFESSOR SPROUT

Welcome to Greenhouse Three,
Second Years. Today, we will be
re-potting Mandrakes. Now, who
here can tell me the properties of
the Mandrake? Yes, Miss Granger.

HERMIONE

Mandrake, or Mandragora, is used
to return those who have been
transfigured to their original
state. It's also quite dangerous.
The Mandrake's cry is fatal to
anyone who hears it.

PROFESSOR SPROUT

Excellent. Ten points to
Gryffindor. As our Mandrakes are
only seedlings, their cries won't
kill yet. However, they will
knock you out for several hours.
That is why I have provided each
of you with a pair of earmuffs.
If you would then...
Ron frowns. He's gotten a BRIGHT PINK FLUFFY pair. When
the class is ready, Professor Sprout leads them to the
GARDEN AREA. She grasps one of the TUFTY PLANTS before
her... and pulls. Harry gasps. Instead of roots, a
small, muddy, extremely ugly BABY pops out of the earth,
leaves growing right out of its head. Neville's eyes
ROLL BACK. He FAINTS.
Professor Sprout plunges the BAWLING CREATURE deep into a
POT, removes her earmuffs, and the others follow suit.
Everyone save Neville, who lies stretched on the ground.

PROFESSOR SPROUT

Hm. Looks as though Mr.
Longbottom neglected his muffs.

(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 3/1/02 36.




40 CONTINUED: (2) 40





SEAMUS

No, ma'am. He's just fainted.

PROFESSOR SPROUT

Very well. We'll just leave him
then. Come now. Four to a tray,
plenty of pots to go round...




41 INT. GREAT HALL - LUNCH - DAY 41

Percy enters in the company of PENELOPE CLEARWATER, just
as NEARLY HEADLESS NICK glides by.

PENELOPE CLEARWATER

There's Nearly Headless Nick.

PERCY

Hello, Sir Nicolas.

NEARLY HEADLESS NICK

Hello, Percy. Miss Clearwater.
At the Gryffindor table, Hermione has her nose buried in
Gilderoy Lockhart's Travels with Trolls. Ron runs gobs
of Spellotape over his BROKEN WAND, shakes his head
grimly.

RON

Say it. I'm doomed.

HARRY

You're doomed.
FLASH! -- a LIGHT BLINDS Harry. He blinks, finds a small
boy (COLIN CREEVEY) standing before him with a CAMERA.

COLIN

Hiya, Harry. I'm Colin Creevey.
I'm in Gryffindor too.

HARRY

Hello, Colin. Nice to meet --

COLIN

They're for my dad -- the
pictures. He's a milkman, you
know, a Muggle, like all our
family's been until me. No one
knew all the odd stuff I could do
was magic till we got my letter
from Hogwarts. Everyone just
thought I was mental.

(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 3/1/02 37.




41 CONTINUED: 41





RON

Imagine that.

COLIN

Say, Harry. D'you think your
friend could take a photo of me
and you standing together? Ya'
know, to prove I've met you?
Harry glances at Ron. He looks positively homicidal.
Mercifully, just then, OWLS STREAM into the Hall.

DEAN THOMAS

Post is here!
One after another, the birds swoop gracefully down,
clutching letters from home. All except one, who plops
beak-first into Ron's soup. Errol.

RON

Bloody bird's a menace -- Oh...
no.

SEAMUS

Heads up, everyone. Weasley's
gotten himself a Howler.

(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02 37A.




41 CONTINUED: (2) 41





NEVILLE

Go on, Ron. I ignored one from
my Gran once... and it was
horrible.



Ron looks pale. Clutched in Errol's beak is a DAMP RED
ENVELOPE. Hands shaking, he takes it, opens it, and...
MRS. WEASLEY'S VOICE THUNDERS, sending plates and spoons
rattling.

MRS. WEASLEY (V.O.)


RONALD WEASLEY! HOW DARE YOU


STEAL THAT CAR! I AM


ABSOLUTELY DISGUSTED! YOUR


FATHER'S NOW FACING AN INQUIRY


AT WORK AND IT'S ENTIRELY YOUR


FAULT! IF YOU PUT ANOTHER TOE OUT


OF LINE WE'LL BRING YOU STRAIGHT


HOME!

(softening suddenly)
Oh, and Ginny dear.
Congratulations on making
Gryffindor. Your father and I are
so proud.
Ginny, sitting a bit apart from the others, looks up
shyly, then returns to the SMALL BLACK BOOK she's
scribbling in. Ron watches the envelope RIP ITSELF TO
PIECES, then endures HOWLS of LAUGHTER from the other
House tables. Colin Creevey snaps a few photos. Harry
looks sympathetically at Ron.

HARRY

Look at it this way. How much
worse can things get?




38.





42 INT. GILDEROY LOCKHART'S CLASSROOM - DAY 42




Gilderoy Lockhart paces before the class. Hermione and
the girls hang on his every word, while Harry and Ron eye
the LARGE, COVERED CAGE RATTLING mysteriously on his desk.




GILDEROY LOCKHART

Let me introduce you to your new
Defense Against the Dark Arts
Teacher. Me. Gilderoy Lockhart,
Order of Merlin, Third Class,
Honorary Member of the Dark Force
Defense League and five times
winner of Witch Weekly's Most-
Charming-Smile Award -- But I
don't talk about that. I didn't
get rid of the Bandon Banshee by
smiling at her!
Lockhart awaits laughter. A few students smile weakly.

GILDEROY LOCKHART

I see you've all bought a complete
set of my books. Well done. I
thought we'd start today with a
little quiz. Nothing to worry
about. Just to check how well
you've read them, how much you've
taken in...
Lockhart begins to circulate papers. Harry and Ron
examine the questions. Ron WHISPERS to Harry.

RON

Look at these questions. They're
all about him.

HARRY

'What is Gilderoy Lockhart's
favorite color?'

RON

'What is Gilderoy Lockhart's
greatest achievement to date?'

HARRY

'When is Gilderoy Lockhart's
birthday and what would his ideal
gift be?'

GILDEROY LOCKHART

You have thirty minutes. Start --
now!
As quills begin to dart across pages, we --

DISSOLVE TO:





39.





SAME SCENE - LATER




Lockhart rifles through the completed exams.

GILDEROY LOCKHART

Tut, tut. Hardly any of you
remembered my favorite color is
lilac. But Miss Hermione Granger
knew that my secret ambition is to
rid the world of evil and market
my own range of hair care potions.
Good girl.
Hermione beams. Lockhart's expression suddenly darkens.

GILDEROY LOCKHART

Now... be warned! It is my job to
arm you against the foulest
creatures known to wizardkind!
You may find yourself facing your
own worst fears in this room.
Know only that no harm can befall
you whilst I am here...
With a showman's flair, Lockhart turns slowly to the cage.

GILDEROY LOCKHART

I must ask you not to scream. It
might provoke them.
A pale Neville draws back. Harry and Ron lean forward.
Lockhart lets the tension build, then WHIPS off the
cover. Inside the cage are several electric blue
CREATURES. Eight inches tall, with pointed faces and
wings, they rattle the bars and pull bizarre faces at the
students.

SEAMUS

Cornish pixies?

GILDEROY LOCKHART

Freshly caught Cornish pixies.
Unable to control himself, Seamus SNORTS with laughter.

GILDEROY LOCKHART

Laugh if you will, Mr. Finnegan,
but pixies can be devilishly
tricky little blighters. Let's
see what you make of them now!
Lockhart flings open the cage. Instantly, the pixies
rocket about, spraying the students with ink bottles,
BREAKING BEAKERS and shredding books. Two SEIZE Neville
by the ears, lift him into the air, and begin to circle
the ceiling.

(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02 40.




42 CONTINUED: 42





GILDEROY LOCKHART

Come on now, round them up, round
them up. They're only pixies.
(brandishing his wand)
Peskipiski Pesternomi!
The spell has absolutely no effect. A particularly
obnoxious pixie makes a face, seizes Lockhart's wand and
tosses it out the window. Lockhart joins the stampede to
the door.

GILDEROY LOCKHART

I'll ask you three to just nip the
rest of them back into their cage.
SLAMMING the door, he's gone. Harry, Ron and Hermione
stand blinking. Ron swats a pixie gnawing his ear.

RON

What do we do now?

HERMIONE

(raising her wand)
Immobilus!
The pixies FREEZE IN MIDAIR. Neville falls, PLOPS onto
Lockhart's desk, shaken but unhurt. He looks at
Hermione.

NEVILLE

Why is it always me?




42A OMITTED 42A





42B INT. SEVENTH FLOOR - CORRIDOR - LATER 42B

Fresh from the pixies, Hermione, Ron, Harry and Neville
walk. Hair askew. Robes shredded.

RON

Can you believe him?

HERMIONE

I'm sure Professor Lockhart just
wanted to give us some hands-on
experience.

HARRY

Hands on? Hermione, he didn't
have a clue what he was doing.

(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02 41.




42B CONTINUED: 42B





HERMIONE

Rubbish. Read his books. You'll
see all the amazing things he's
done.




RON

He says he's done.




43 OMITTED 43


& &


44 44





45 EXT. HOGWARTS - COURTYARD - DAY 45

The Gryffindor Quidditch team -- Harry, Fred, George,
ALICIA SPINNET, KATIE BELL, and ANGELINA JOHNSON -- trail
Oliver Wood through the courtyard, toward the distant
Quidditch pitch. Several students are outside, studying.

WOOD

I spent the summer devising a
whole new Quidditch program.
We're going to train earlier,
harder, and longer!
(squinting)
What the... I don't believe it!
Crossing the courtyard from the other side are SEVEN BOYS
in GREEN ROBES, also carrying broomsticks. At their lead
is MARCUS FLINT, trollish Slytherin Captain. Ron,
sitting at a table with Hermione, looks up.

(CONTINUED)





42.





45 CONTINUED: 45





RON

Uh-oh. I smell trouble.

WOOD

Clear out, Flint! I booked the
pitch for Gryffindor today.

FLINT

Easy, Wood. I've got a note.
As Wood snatches the PARCHMENT from Flint's hand, Ron and
Hermione come up to join the others.

WOOD

'I, Professor Severus Snape, do
hereby give the Slytherin team
permission to practice today,
owing to the need to train their
new Seeker.'
(looking up)
You've got a new Seeker? Who?
A pasty-faced boy pushes to the front. It's... Malfoy.

HARRY

Draco?

DRACO

That's right. And that's not all
that's new this year...
As one, the seven Slytherins hold out seven brand-new
GLEAMING BROOMSTICKS. The Gryffindors look stunned.

RON

Those are Nimbus Two Thousand
Ones.

FLINT

A generous gift from Draco's
father.

DRACO

That's right, Weasley. You see,
unlike some, my father can afford
to buy the best.

HERMIONE

At least no one on the Gryffindor
team had to buy their way in.
They got in on pure talent.

(CONTINUED)





43.





45 CONTINUED: (2) 45





DRACO

No one asked your opinion, you
filthy little Mudblood.



Everyone reacts as if Malfoy has said something horrific
-- everyone save Harry, who looks puzzled. Instantly,
Fred and George fly for Draco's throat. Oliver Wood
holds them back.

WOOD

Save it for the match.

RON

You'll pay for that one, Malfoy!
(whips out his wand)
Eat slugs!
Ron points his cracked wand at Malfoy. PFFT! -- a BOLT
of GREEN LIGHT scissors out the wrong end, hitting Ron
himself in the stomach. As he drops to the grass,
Hermione runs to him

HERMIONE

Ron! Say something!
Ron opens his mouth and... BELCHES. Hermione draws back,
and watches a TRIO of SLUGS dribble out his mouth. The
Slytherins CROW with LAUGHTER. Angrily, Ron rises, only
to BELCH again. Fascinated, Colin Creevey runs up with
his camera.

COLIN

Wow! Can you hold him still,
Harry?!

HARRY

Get out of the way, Colin!
(to Hermione)
Let's take him to Hagrid. He'll
know what to do.




46 INT. HAGRID'S HUT - DAY 46

Hagrid rummages about, looking for something.

HAGRID

Got jus' the thing. Set 'im down
on that chair o'er there.
As Ron sits, Hagrid pitches a BUCKET between his knees.
Harry and Hermione glance up questioningly. Hagrid
shrugs.

(CONTINUED)





44.





46 CONTINUED: 46





HAGRID

Better out than in. Who was he
tryin' ter curse anyway?




HARRY

Malfoy. He called Hermione, well,
I don't know exactly what it
means...

HERMIONE

(quietly)
He called me a Mudblood.

HAGRID

He didn'!
Harry looks confused. Hermione glances at him, then
away, obviously pained by this.

HERMIONE

It means dirty blood. Mudblood's
a really foul name for someone who
was Muggle-born. Someone with
non-magic parents. Someone...
like me. It's not a term one
usually hears in civilized
conversation.

HAGRID

Yeh see, Harry. There are some
wizards -- like Malfoy's family --
who think they're better than
everyone else 'cause they're what
people call pureblood.

HARRY

That's horrible.

RON

(BELCHES forth a
slug)
It's disgusting!

HAGRID

An' it's codswallop ter boot.
Dirty blood. There's 'ardly a
wizard today that's not half-blood
or less. If we 'adn't married
Muggles we'd've died out long ago.
Besides, they haven't invented a
spell our Hermione can't do...
(taking her shoulder)
Don' you think on it, Hermione.
Don' you think on it fer a minute.



THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 4/9/02 45/45A.




47 OMITTED 47


& &


48 48





49 INT. GILDEROY LOCKHART'S OFFICE - EVENING (HOURS LATER) 49




CAMERA PANS the walls of Lockhart's office, lined with
FRAMED PHOTOGRAPHS of... Gilderoy Lockhart. Harry and
Lockhart work by candlelight at an ornate desk. Bleary-
eyed, Harry addresses envelopes, while a cheery Lockhart
puts his signature to the stack of GLOSSY PHOTOS bearing
his image.

GILDEROY LOCKHART

Harry, Harry, Harry... Can you
possibly imagine a better way to
serve detention than by helping me
answer my fan mail?
Harry forces a smile.

GILDEROY LOCKHART

Fame's a fickle friend, Harry.
Celebrity is as celebrity does.
Remember that.
Harry nods, glancing gloomily at the towering stack of
envelopes that remain. Dipping his quill, he starts to
write, when... a CHILLY VOICE fills the room.

VOICE

Come... come to me...

(CONTINUED)





49.





49 CONTINUED: 49





HARRY

What?

GILDEROY LOCKHART

I was saying, six solid months at
the top of the bestseller list!
Broke all records!

HARRY

No... not you, that... voice.

GILDEROY LOCKHART

Voice?

HARRY

That... voice. Didn't you hear
it?

GILDEROY LOCKHART

What are you talking about, Harry?
I think we're getting a bit
drowsy. Great Scott -- and no
wonder -- look at the time! We've
been here nearly four hours!
Dinner's nearly done! If you
hurry you might make pudding.
Spooky how the time flies when
one's having fun!

HARRY

Spooky.




49A INT. CORRIDOR - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER) 49A

Harry passes quickly through the lengthening shadows of
the empty corridor, when...

VOICE

Blood... I smell blood...
Harry stops cold, looking around for the source of the
voice.

VOICE

Let me rip you... let me kill
you...
Harry steps to the wall, playing his fingers along the
stone, then begins walk, slowly at first, then more
quickly, as if following something, moving faster and
faster, rounding the corner and coming face to face
with... Hermione and Ron.

(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02 47.




49A CONTINUED: 49A





HERMIONE

Harry!

HARRY

Did you hear it?

RON

Hear what?

HARRY

That... voice.

HERMIONE

Voice? What voice?

HARRY

(eyes darting around)
I heard it first in Lockhart's
office and then again, just --

VOICE

Kill... Time to kill...
As Harry stiffens, Hermione and Ron study him curiously.

HARRY

It's moving. I think it's going
to... kill.
Harry runs off. Hermione and Ron exchange a glance,
follow.




50 OMITTED 50

thru thru

57 57





58 INT. MARBLE STAIRCASE - MOMENTS LATER 58

Harry dashes madly, taking the steps three at a time. He
makes the landing, rushes through the archway, and...




59 INT. SECOND FLOOR CORRIDOR - SECOND FLOOR - NIGHT 59

... sleds to a stop, listening: Nothing. Slowly, he
peers down. WATER is oozing over the stone floor,
surrounding his shoes. His own REFLECTION appears and,
behind it, undulating like a dream... WORDS. Ron and
Hermione come huffing up.

(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02 48.




59 CONTINUED: 59





RON

Harry, what are you doing?
He points. SHIMMERING on the wall are the words he saw
reflected in water.

THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS HAS BEEN OPENED


ENEMIES OF THE HEIR... BEWARE.


HERMIONE

'The Chamber of Secrets has been
opened...?'

RON

What's that? Hanging underneath?

HARRY

That's Filch's cat. Mrs. Norris.
The cat hangs stiffly by her tail from a torch bracket,
eyes open and blank. Harry's eyes shift to the adjacent
WINDOW: near the topmost pane, SPIDERS scuttle up a
silvery thread, fight to get through a crack in the
glass.

HERMIONE

Look at that. Have you ever seen
spiders act like that? Ron...?

RON

(backing away)
I... don't... like... spiders.
Suddenly, the stairwell is alive with VOICES and, seconds
later, dozens of students stream forth, CHATTERING...
when they stop, seeing the wall and, standing before it,
Harry, Ron and Hermione. A thudding SILENCE falls. Then
Draco pushes forward, eyes the wall, and grins nastily.

DRACO

Enemies of the heir, beware!
You'll be next, Mudbloods!
Draco's eyes find Hermione, just as Filch appears.

FILCH

What's going on here? Go on now!
Make way...
(stopping dead)
Mrs. Norris!
(rounding on Harry)
You! You've murdered my cat!
I'll kill you! I'll --

(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02 49.




59 CONTINUED: (2) 59





DUMBLEDORE

Argus!
Dumbledore marches forward, trailed by a phalanx of
teachers. Seeing the wall, Dumbledore's face darkens.

DUMBLEDORE

Everyone will proceed to their
dormitories immediately.
(to Harry, Ron,
Hermione)
Everyone except you three.
As the corridor empties, Dumbledore steps to the wall
and, with extreme gentleness, removes Mrs. Norris.

GILDEROY LOCKHART

It was definitely a curse that
killed her -- probably the
Transmogrifian Torture.
Encountered it myself once, in
Ouagadougou. The full story's in
my autobiography...

DUMBLEDORE

She's not dead, Argus. She's been
Petrified.

GILDEROY LOCKHART

Precisely! So unlucky I wasn't
there. I know the very
countercurse that could have
spared her...

DUMBLEDORE

But how she's been Petrified... I
cannot say.

FILCH

(pointing at Harry)
Ask him! It's him that's done it.
You saw what he wrote on the wall!
Besides, he knows I'm -- I'm a
Squib.

HARRY

It's not true, sir! I swear! I
never touched Mrs. Norris -- And I
don't even know what a Squib is.

FILCH

Rubbish! He saw my Kwikspell
letter!

(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02 50.




59 CONTINUED: (3) 59





SNAPE

If I might, Headmaster...
The others turn, watch Snape separate from the shadows.




SNAPE

Perhaps Potter and his friends
were simply in the wrong place at
the wrong time...
Could Snape be defending
Harry and the others blink.
them?

SNAPE

However, the circumstances are
suspicious. I, for one, don't
recall seeing Potter at dinner.

GILDEROY LOCKHART

I'm afraid that's my doing,
Severus. You see, Harry was
helping me answer my fan mail...
As Snape's lip curls in disgust, Hermione leaps in.

HERMIONE

That's why Ron and I went looking
for him, Professor. We'd just
found him when Harry said...

SNAPE

(raising an eyebrow)
Yes, Miss Granger?

HARRY

When I said I wasn't hungry. We
were heading back to the Common
Room and... found Mrs. Norris.
Snape eyes Harry coldly, knowing he's lying. Harry looks
away... and finds Dumbledore studying him as well.

DUMBLEDORE

Innocent until proven guilty.

FILCH

My cat has been Petrified! I want
to see some punishment!

(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 3/1/02 51.




59 CONTINUED: (4) 59





DUMBLEDORE

We will be able to cure her,
Argus. As I understand it, Madam
Sprout has a very healthy growth
of Mandrakes. When they have
matured, a potion will be made
which will revive Mrs. Norris. In
the meantime, I advise caution.
To all.




60 OMITTED 60





60A INT. CORRIDOR - NIGHT (A BIT LATER) 60A

Harry, Ron and Hermione walk down the corridor.

RON

A Squib's someone who's born into
a wizarding family but hasn't got
any powers of their own. It's why
Filch is trying to learn magic
from a Kwikspell course. It's
also why he hates students so
much. He's bitter.
Hermione, who's only been half-listening -- as if trying
to unravel something in her mind -- speaks then.

HERMIONE

Harry. This voice. You said you
heard it first in Lockhart's
office?

HARRY

Yes.

HERMIONE

And did he hear it?

HARRY

He said he didn't.

RON

Maybe he was lying.

HERMIONE

I hardly think someone with
Gilderoy Lockhart's credentials
would lie to one of his students,
Ronald. Besides, if you recall,
we didn't hear anything either.

(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 3/14/02 52.




60A CONTINUED: 60A





HARRY

You do believe me, don't you?

HERMIONE

'Course we do. It's just... it's
a bit weird, isn't it? You hear
this voice and then... Mrs. Norris
turns up Petrified.

HARRY

I can't explain it -- it was...
scary.
(frowning)
D'you think I should've told them
-- Dumbledore and the others, I mean.

RON

Are you mad!

HERMIONE

No, Harry. Even in the wizarding
world, hearing voices isn't a good
sign.




61 OMITTED 61




62 INT. PROFESSOR McGONAGALL'S CLASSROOM - MORNING
McGonagall stands before the class. Resting on the desk
in front of each student, is a different animal.
PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
Today, we will be turning animals
into water goblets.
She taps the bird in front of her, three times, with the tip
of her wand. It transfigures into a beautiful crystal water
goblet.
PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
Now, who would like to go first...
Mr. Weasley?
Ron nods. He TAPS his rat, Scabbers, who turns into a
goblet with a tail.
PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
You must replace that wand, Mr.
Weasley.
Ron nods sheepishly, looks at his broken wand.

(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 3/1/02 53.




62 CONTINUED: (A1) 62




McGonagall sees Hermione's raised hand. Her untouched
animal.
PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
Yes, Miss Granger?

HERMIONE

Professor, I was wondering if you
could tell us about the Chamber of
Secrets?
A HUSH falls over the class.
PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
My subject is Transfiguration,
Miss Granger.

HERMIONE

Yes, Professor. But there seems
to be very little written about
the Chamber of Secrets. For those
of us with a personal interest in
the subject, that is...
disturbing.
Malfoy regards Hermione with chilly amusement.
McGonagall considers Hermione's question for a long
moment, then nods.
PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
Very well. You all know, of
course, that Hogwarts was founded
over a thousand years ago by the
four greatest witches and wizards
of the age:

(MORE)


(CONTINUED)





54.





62 CONTINUED: 62




PROFESSOR McGONAGALL (CONT'D)
Godric Gryffindor, Helga
Hufflepuff, Rowena Ravenclaw, and
Salazar Slytherin. Three of the
founders co-existed quite
harmoniously. One did not.

RON

Three glasses who?
PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
Salazar Slytherin wished to be
more selective about the students
admitted to Hogwarts. He believed
that magical learning should be
kept within all-magic families.
In other words, purebloods.
Unable to sway the others, he
decided to leave the school.
(a beat)
According to legend, Slytherin had
built a hidden chamber in this
castle, known as the Chamber of
Secrets. Shortly before
departing, he sealed it until that
time when his own true heir
returned to the school. The heir
alone would be able to open the
Chamber of Secrets and unleash the
horror within, and by so doing,
purge the school of all those who,
in Slytherin's view, were unworthy
to study magic.

HERMIONE

Muggle-borns.
PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
Yes. Naturally, the school has been
searched many times for such a
chamber. It has never been found.

HERMIONE

Professor, what exactly does
legend tell us lies within the
Chamber?
PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
The Chamber is said to be home to
something which the heir of Slytherin
alone can control. It is said to be
home... to a monster.
Ron's eyes shift. Malfoy sits calmly, smiling to
himself.



THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02 55.




63 INT. CORRIDOR - DAY 63




Harry, Hermione, and Ron thread their way through the
teeming corridor. Up ahead, Malfoy walks with Crabbe and
Goyle.




RON

D'you think it's true? D'you
think there really is a Chamber of
Secrets?

HERMIONE

Yes. Couldn't you tell:
McGonagall's worried. All the
teachers are.

HARRY

But if there really is a Chamber
of Secrets, and it's really been
opened, that means...

HERMIONE

The Heir of Slytherin has returned
to Hogwarts. The question is, who
is it?

RON

(in mock puzzlement)
Let's think. Who do we know who
thinks Muggle-borns are scum.

HERMIONE

(eyeing Malfoy ahead)
If you're talking about him --

RON

Of course! You heard him:
'You'll be next, Mudbloods'!

HERMIONE

I heard him. But Malfoy? The
Heir of Slytherin?

HARRY

Maybe Ron's right, Hermione. I
mean, look at his family. The
whole lot of them have been in
Slytherin for centuries.

RON

Crabbe and Goyle must know. Maybe
we could trick them into
telling...

(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02 56.




63 CONTINUED: 63





HERMIONE

No. Even they aren't that thick.
But there might be another way.
Mind you, it would be difficult.
Not to mention we'd be breaking
about fifty school rules. And it
would be dangerous. Very
dangerous.

RON

When do we start?




64 INT. LIBRARY - NIGHT 64

In a dark nook, Harry, Ron and Hermione huddle round a
book entitled Moste Potente Potions. The spotted pages
are littered with DISTURBING ILLUSTRATIONS.

HERMIONE

Here it is: 'The Polyjuice
Potion. Properly brewed, the
Polyjuice Potion allows the
drinker to transform himself
temporarily into the physical form
of another...'

RON

You mean, Harry and I drink some
of this stuff and we turn into
Crabbe and Goyle?

HERMIONE

Yes.

RON

Wicked! Malfoy'll tell us anything!

HERMIONE

Exactly. But it's tricky. I've
never seen a more complicated
potion. Lacewing flies, leeches,
fluxweed. And, of course, we'll
need a bit of whoever we want to
change into too.

RON

Hang on now. I'm drinking nothing
with Crabbe's toenails in it.

(CONTINUED)





57.





64 CONTINUED: 64





HARRY

How long will it take to make?

HERMIONE

A month.

HARRY

A month? But if Malfoy is the
heir of Slytherin... he could
attack half the Muggle-borns in
the school by then.

HERMIONE

You didn't have to tell me that.




65 EXT. QUIDDITCH STADIUM - DAY 65

We join the Quidditch match in mid-game. The CROWD
ROARS, watching as Slytherin Chasers, bent low over their
new brooms, jet past the overmatched Gryffindors.

HAGRID

Gallopin' Gorgons! Slytherin's
flyin' like they got dragon fire
in their brooms...
Ron fumes, looking as though he takes Slytherin's
dominance personally. Taking Hagrid's GIANT BINOCULARS,
he trains them on the FACULTY BOX -- where Lucius Malfoy
sits next to Snape.
Harry circles high above the pitch, searching for the
Golden Snitch. Suddenly, Malfoy streaks by overhead.

DRACO

All right there, Scarhead?
Harry turns, eyes Malfoy malevolently. Behind him, a
BLUDGER drops INTO FRAME, begins to streak toward his
head.

GEORGE


HARRY! WATCH OUT!

Harry wheels and at the last possible moment, slips the
WHISTLING Bludger. CRACK! George swoops down, BATS it
away. Harry turns, watches it soar away, then blinks:
the Bludger turns, streaks right back at him. Harry JETS

OFF.


(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 3/1/02 58.




65 CONTINUED: 65





HAGRID

(from the stands)
Blimey, Harry's got 'imself a
Rogue Bludger!




RON

Rogue Bludger?

HAGRID

Look fer yerself! It's bin'
tampered with!
Harry executes a series of zigs, zags, loops and rolls,
trying to shake the Bludger, but the Bludger is
relentless.
Ron instinctively draws his wand, begins to point it
toward Harry and the Bludger, when... Hermione's hand
intercedes. She glances knowingly at his fractured wand.

HERMIONE

You're joking, right? Besides,
even with a proper wand, it's too
risky. You could hit Harry.
As Harry frantically dips and dives, Malfoy cruises by.

DRACO

Training for the ballet, Potter?
Harry glances at Malfoy's sneering face. BUZZING inches
above Malfoy's left ear is... the GOLDEN SNITCH. Harry
CHARGES. Malfoy GULPS, swings clear, and watches Harry
rocket past.
As Harry chases the plummeting Snitch, Malfoy FOLLOWS IN
HOT PURSUIT. They RACE DOWNWARD, trailing the HISSING
SNITCH deep into the TRENCH circling the pitch. Shoulder
to shoulder, they RACE MADLY, driving and dodging the
wooden support beams that crisscross their path.
Directly behind them, the Bludger FOLLOWS, SHATTERING the
BEAMS as it dogs Harry.
Malfoy KICKS Harry, forcing him to the edge of the
trench. Harry BRUSHES the wall, battling for control.
Malfoy turns, SNICKERS, then looks back... and finds
himself heading smack into a wooden beam. Panicked, he
tries to pull up. Too late. Broom meets beam and Malfoy
spirals out of the trench and -- THWUMP! -- flat on his
back in the middle of the pitch.

(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 3/1/02 58A.




65 CONTINUED: (1A) 65




Harry continues on, CLOSING on the Snitch, fingertips
only inches from catching it... when... the Rogue Bludger
SMASHES INTO Harry's arm.



Harry cries out, steadies himself and with a brilliant,
acrobatic move, SNATCHES the Snitch out of the air with
his good hand. Unable to control his broom with his
shattered arm, he hits the pitch with a SICKENING THUD.
Wincing, Harry rolls onto his shoulders, SQUINTS UP: a
BLACK DOT -- growing rapidly LARGER -- is plummeting from
the sky, directly toward him. It's... the rogue Bludger.
Instantly, Harry spins away, grimacing in agony, as the
Bludger...
... hits the ground like a SLEDGE HAMMER, violently
TATTOOING the pitch again and again, only inches from
Harry. Calmly, Hermione strides forth, points her wand.

HERMIONE

Finite Incantatem!
The Bludger hangs briefly in the air. Slowly ceases
spinning. Drops heavily to the pitch. Harry exhales,
relieved, only to recall the searing pain in his arm. As
CONCERNED FACES swim above him, one particular face
pushes through the others:

GILDEROY LOCKHART

Not to worry, Harry. I'll fix
that arm of yours straight away.

HARRY

No... no... not you.

(CONTINUED)





59.





65 CONTINUED: (3) 65





GILDEROY LOCKHART

Poor boy doesn't know what he's
saying. This won't hurt a bit...



Lockhart TWIRLS his WAND, Harry braces himself, and...
nothing. He blinks, looks up: the faces -- which now
include Ron, Hermione, and Hagrid -- look horror-
stricken.

GILDEROY LOCKHART

Ah. Yes. Well, that can
sometimes happen. The point is,
the bones are no longer broken.

HAGRID

Brok'n? He doesn't 'ave any bones
at all!
Harry looks: his arm looks like an empty rubber glove.




66 INT. HOSPITAL WING - DAY 66

A dazed Malfoy slumps out with Crabbe and Goyle. Ron,
standing by Harry's bed with Hermione, grins, then
watches MADAM POMFREY pour out a STEAMING BEAKERFUL OF
LIQUID from a bottle of SKELE-GRO. A group of
Gryffindors, including some of his teammates, stand
nearby.

MADAM POMFREY

He should have been brought
straight to me! I can mend bones
in a heartbeat -- but growing them
back --

HERMIONE

You will be able to, won't you?

MADAM POMFREY

I'll be able to, certainly, but it
will be painful. You're in for a
rough night, Potter. Regrowing
bones is nasty business.
Harry takes the steaming cup and drinks. Grimaces.

MADAM POMFREY

Well, what did you expect --
pumpkin juice?
FLASH! Harry blinks, sees Colin Creevey standing there.

(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 3/1/02 60.




66 CONTINUED: 66





COLIN

That was brilliant today, Harry!
Brilliant!




MADAM POMFREY

Out! All of you! This boy's got
thirty-three bones to regrow!




67 INT. HOSPITAL WING - NIGHT 67

Harry fidgets in the darkness, half-asleep, then... his
eyelids flutter slowly open...




HARRY'S MOVING POV

From the shadows that cling to the ceiling... to the
lattice-work of moonlight that burns softly on the walls
around him...




BACK TO SCENE

He SENSES something... a presence... when...
Five BANDAGED FINGERS ENTER FRAME, begin to SPONGE his
brow. Harry bolts upright, finds...

HARRY

Dobby!

DOBBY

Harry Potter came back to school.
Dobby warned him. Harry Potter
should have listened to Dobby.
Harry Potter should have gone back
home when he missed the train.

HARRY

(pushing the sponge
away)
It was you! You stopped the
barrier from letting Ron and me
through!

DOBBY

Indeed yes, sir. Dobby hid and
watched for Harry Potter and
sealed the gateway.

HARRY

You nearly got Ron and me
expelled!

(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 3/1/02 60A.




67 CONTINUED: (A1) 67





DOBBY

At least you would be away from
here. Harry Potter must go home!
Dobby thought his Bludger would be
enough to make Harry Potter see --

HARRY

Your Bludger? You made that
Bludger chase after me?

(CONTINUED)





61.





67 CONTINUED: 67





DOBBY

Dobby feels most aggrieved, sir.
(waggling his fingers)
Dobby had to iron his hands...




HARRY

You'd better clear off before my
bones come back, Dobby, or I might
strangle you!

DOBBY

(smiling weakly)
Dobby is used to death threats,
sir. Dobby gets them five times a
day at home.

HARRY

I don't suppose you could tell me
why you're trying to kill me?

DOBBY

Not kill you, sir, never kill you!
Dobby remembers how it was before
Harry Potter triumphed over He Who
Must Not Be Named. We house elves
were treated like vermin, sir. Of
course, Dobby is still treated
like vermin...
Dobby HONKS his nose on the filthy pillowcase he wears.

HARRY

Why do you wear that thing, Dobby?

DOBBY

This, sir? 'Tis a mark of the
house elf's enslavement. Dobby
can only be freed if his master
presents him with clothes. The
family is careful not to pass
Dobby so much as a sock, sir, for
then he would be free to leave
their house forever.
Dobby's ears QUIVER, detecting... FOOTSTEPS. He

WHISPERS.


DOBBY

Terrible things are about to
happen at Hogwarts! Harry Potter
must not stay here now that
history is to repeat itself!

(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02 62.




67 CONTINUED: (2) 67





HARRY

Repeat itself? You mean, this has
happened before?



Dobby seizes the Skele-Gro, BEATS himself about the head.

HARRY

Tell me, Dobby? When did this
happen before? Who's doing it
now?

DOBBY

Dobby cannot say, sir. Dobby only
wants Harry Potter to be safe.

HARRY

Who is it?
No, Dobby! Tell me!
CRACK! Dobby is gone. SHADOWS flicker beyond the
CURTAIN encircling Harry's bed. Harry slumps down...
peers through a slit in the curtains. Dumbledore, in a
nightcap, and McGonagall, in a tartan robe, heave a SMALL
STATUE onto an empty bed. Seconds later, Madam Pomfrey
bustles in.

MADAM POMFREY

What's happened?

DUMBLEDORE

There's been another attack.
Madam Pomfrey GASPS. It is not a statue lying there. It
is Colin Creevey, CAMERA still clutched to his eye.
PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
Perhaps he managed to get a
picture of his attacker...
Dumbledore opens the camera. A JET OF STEAM HISSES
forth.
PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
What does this mean, Albus?

DUMBLEDORE

It means our students are in great
danger, Minerva. Mr. Creevey was
fortunate. If not for this...
(holding up the camera)
He would surely be dead.

(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02 62A.




67 CONTINUED: (3) 67




PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
What sould I tell the staff,
Albus?




DUMBLEDORE

Tell them the truth. Tell them
Hogwarts is no longer safe. Tell
them it's as we feared. The
Chamber of Secrets is indeed open
again.




68 OMITTED 68





68A EXT. GIRLS BATHROOM 68A

We PAN SLOWLY FROM the defiled wall to the bathroom door.




63.





69 INT. GIRLS BATHROOM - DAY 69




A gloomy place. Cracked mirrors. Chipped sinks.
Guttering candles. Harry and Ron huddle over a SMALL,
BUBBLING CAULDRON, as Hermione adds STRANGE INGREDIENTS.




HERMIONE

Again? You mean, the Chamber of
Secrets has been opened before?

RON

Of course! Don't you see? Lucius
Malfoy must've opened it when he
was at school here, and now he's
told Draco how to do it.

HERMIONE

Maybe. We'll have to wait for the
Polyjuice Potion to know for sure.

RON

Enlighten me. Why are we
brewing this potion in broad
daylight, in the middle of a
girls' lavatory? Don't you think
we'll get caught?

HERMIONE

Never. No one over comes in here.

RON

Why?

HERMIONE

Moaning Myrtle.

RON

Who's Moaning Myrtle?
There is a LOUD, PIERCING SCREECH, and the GHOST OF A

YOUNG GIRL COMES RACING OUT OF THE WALL. FACE TO FACE

with Ron.

MOANING MYRTLE

I'm Moaning Myrtle. I wouldn't
expect you to know me. Who
would ever talk about fat, ugly,
miserable, moping, moaning
Myrtle?
Myrtle SOBS LOUDLY, DIVES head first into the toilet.

HERMIONE

She's a little sensitive.




64.





70 INT. GREAT HALL - DAY 70




NOTICE-BOARD: DUELING CLUB! First Meeting Tonight. A
GOLDEN STAGE has been erected. Lockhart struts atop it.
Harry, Ron, Hermione and good number of other students
watch.




GILDEROY LOCKHART

Gather round! Gather round! Can
everyone see me? Can you all hear
me? Excellent. In light of the
dark events of recent weeks,
Professor Dumbledore has granted
me permission to start this little
Dueling Club, to train you all up
in case you ever need to defend
yourselves as I myself have done
on countless occasions -- for full
details, see my published works.
The boy next to Harry, JUSTIN-FINCH FLETCHLEY, turns to
him.

JUSTIN FINCH-FLETCHLEY

That Lockhart's something, isn't
he? Awfully brave chap.
(offering his hand)
Justin Finch-Fletchley.
Hufflepuff.

HARRY

Nice to meet you. I'm --

JUSTIN FINCH-FLETCHLEY

I know who you are. We all do.
Even us Muggle-borns.
Justin grins agreeably, looks back to the stage, where
Professor Snape has joined Lockhart.

GILDEROY LOCKHART

Let me introduce my assistant
Professor Snape. He has
sportingly agreed to help me with
a short demonstration. Now I
don't want any of you youngsters
to worry. You'll still have your
Potions Master when I'm through
with him, never fear!

RON

What's the fun in that?
Lockhart and Snape face each other and bow. They turn,
walk ten paces, then... SPIN... wands poised like swords.

(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02 65.




70 CONTINUED: 70





GILDEROY LOCKHART

As you can see, we are holding our
wands in the accepted combative
position. On the count of three,
we will cast our first spells.
Neither of us will be aiming to
kill, of course.

HARRY

(eyeing Snape)
I wouldn't bet on that.

GILDEROY LOCKHART

One-two-three --

SNAPE

Expelliarmus!
A dazzling flash of SCARLET LIGHT bursts forth and BLASTS
Lockhart off his feet and into the wall behind.

HERMIONE

Do you think he's all right?

HARRY/RON

Who cares?

GILDEROY LOCKHART

(rising unsteadily)
Well, there you have it. That was
a Disarming Charm. As you see,
I've lost my wand.

GILDEROY LOCKHART

(as Hermione returns it)
Ah, thank you, Miss Granger. Yes,
an excellent idea to show them
that, Professor Snape, but if you
don't mind my saying so, it was
very obvious what you were about
to do. If I had wanted to stop
you it would have been only too
easy...

SNAPE

Perhaps it would be prudent to
first teach the students to block
unfriendly spells, Professor.

(CONTINUED)





66.





70 CONTINUED: (2) 70





GILDEROY LOCKHART

An excellent suggestion, Professor
Snape. Let's have a volunteer
pair. Potter, Weasley, how about
you?

SNAPE

Weasley's wand causes devastation
with the simplest spells. We'll
be sending Potter to the hospital
wing in a matchbox. Might I
suggest someone from my own house.
Malfoy, perhaps.
Malfoy and Harry eye each other malevolently as they take
their places onstage. Grudgingly, they bow to each
other.

DRACO

Scared, Potter?

HARRY

You wish.
They turn, walk ten paces, then WHIRL, wands poised.

GILDEROY LOCKHART

Wands at the ready! When I count
to three, cast your charms to
disarm your opponent -- only to
disarm. We don't want any
accidents. One, two --
Malfoy FIRES early, knocking Harry off his feet with a
BLAST of WHITE LIGHT. He jumps up, points his wand.

HARRY

Rictusempra!
A jet of SILVER LIGHT hits Malfoy dead in the stomach.
He doubles up, WHEEZING.

GILDEROY LOCKHART

I said disarm only!

DRACO

Serpensortia!
To Harry's horror, the tip of Malfoy's wand EXPLODES and
a LONG BLACK SNAKE SLITHERS forth. Snape smiles with
amusement.

(CONTINUED)





67.





70 CONTINUED: (3) 70





SNAPE

Don't move, Potter. I'll get rid
of it for you.




GILDEROY LOCKHART

Allow me!
Lockhart flicks his wand. BANG! The SNAKE flies into
the air, HISSES in rage, and slithers straight towards
Justin Finch-Fletchley. As students SCREAM, Harry --
oddly calm -- approaches the snake. It rises, fangs
exposed, poised to strike Justin.

HARRY

(in Parseltongue)
Leave him!
The snake looks into Harry's eyes, then turns for Justin.

HARRY

(in Parseltongue)

LEAVE HIM!

The snake hovers a moment more, then -- miraculously --
slumps to the floor. Harry blinks, as if coming out of a
trance, grins curiously at the snake, and offers his hand
to Justin.

JUSTIN-FINCH-FLETCHLEY

What are you playing at?
Terrified, Justin backs away. Confused, Harry eyes the
faces around him. Malfoy looks shocked. Seamus and
Neville's eyes glitter with fear. Ginny bolts the room.
Snape waves his wand and the snake VANISHES in PUFF OF
BLACK SMOKE, then regards Harry with a look that is both
shrewd and calculating.

RON

(taking Harry's arm)
Come on. Move. Now.




71 INT. GRYFFINDOR COMMON ROOM - DAY (LATER) 71

Ron and Hermione usher Harry inside. Harry glances up,
sees Ginny Weasley staring down at him from the top of
the stairs. As their eyes meet, she turns for the girls'
dormitory.

RON

You're a Parselmouth! Why didn't
you tell us?

(CONTINUED)





68.





71 CONTINUED: 71





HARRY

I'm a what?

HERMIONE

You can talk to snakes.

HARRY

I know. I mean, I accidentally
set a python on my cousin Dudley
at the zoo once. But so what? I
bet loads of people here can do
it.

HERMIONE

No. They can't. It's not a very
common gift, Harry. This is bad.

HARRY

What's bad? If I hadn't told that
snake not to attack Justin --

RON

Oh, that's what you said to it.

HARRY

You were there! You heard me!

RON

I heard you speaking Parseltongue.
Snake language.

HARRY

I spoke a different language? But
I didn't realize -- how can I
speak a language without knowing I
can?

HERMIONE

I don't know, Harry. But it
sounded like you were egging the
snake on or something. It was...
creepy.
As Gryffindors stream into the room, they eye Harry
warily. Even Seamus, Neville, and Dean Thomas walk by
without a word.

HERMIONE

Harry, listen out me. There's a
reason the symbol of Slytherin
house is a serpent. Salazar
Slytherin was a Parselmouth. He
could talk to snakes too.

(CONTINUED)





69.





71 CONTINUED: (2) 71





RON

Exactly. And now the whole
school's going to think you're his
great-great-great grandson or
something.

HARRY

But I'm not. I... can't be.

HERMIONE

He lived a thousand years ago.
For all we know... you could be.




72 EXT. HOGWARTS' LANDSCAPE - DAY 72

A heavy snow falls. Harry sits atop one of the towering
hills facing Hogwarts. Hedwig sits beside him.

HARRY

Who am I, Hedwig? What am I?




73 INT. LIBRARY - NIGHT 73

The trio study. Harry, burdened by dark thoughts, looks
up at Ron.



He smiles at Harry, then, seconds later, Hermione does
the same -- something forced about it all. Unable to
bear it, Harry gathers his books, gets up from the table.
As Harry walks, students glance up, meet his gaze, then
look away. Even MADAM PINCE eyes him from her desk.
Ginny Weasley, tired and pale, scribbles furiously in a

SMALL BLACK BOOK.

Harry exits, walks into the hallway and pauses. From
inside a room, the VOICES of a group of Hufflepuffs can
be heard.

ERNIE

So, anyway, I told Justin to hide
up in our dormitory. I mean to
say, if Potter's marked him down
as his next victim, it's best he
keep a low profile for a while.

HANNAH

But why would he want to attack
Justin?

(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02 70.




73 CONTINUED: 73





ERNIE

Justin let it slip to Potter that
he was Muggle-born.




HANNAH

And you definitely think Potter's
the Heir of Slytherin?

ERNIE

Hannah, he's a Parselmouth.
Everyone knows that's the mark of
a dark wizard. Have you ever
heard of a decent one who could
talk to snakes? They called
Slytherin himself Serpent-tongue.
(whispering darkly)
Remember what was written on the
wall: Enemies of the Heir Beware.
Potter had some sort of run-in
with Filch. Next thing we know,
Filch's cat's attacked. That
first-year Creevey's been annoying
Potter. Then Creevey's attacked.

HANNAH

He always seems so nice, though.
And, after all, he is the one who
made You Know Who disappear.

ERNIE

That's probably why You Know Who
wanted to kill him in the first
place. Didn't want another Dark
Lord competing with him.
Harry doesn't need to hear anymore. He slips quietly
away.




74 INT. CORRIDOR - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER) 74

MUTTERING, Harry storms straight into Hagrid, who
stands covered in snow, a DEAD ROOSTER dangling from
his hand.

HAGRID

All righ', Harry?

HARRY

Hagrid... what're you doing
here?

(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 3/1/02 71.




74 CONTINUED: 74





HAGRID

(holding up
the rooster)
Second one killed this term.
Reckon it's either foxes or a
Blood-Suckin' Bugbear. Need
Dumbledore's permission ter put a
charm round the hen-coop. Yeh
sure yeh're all righ', Harry? Yeh
look all hot an' bothered.

HARRY

It's nothing. I'd better get
going. I've got a lot of
studying...




75 INT. ANOTHER CORRIDOR - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER) 75

Harry enters, slows. Up ahead, in the light of a
FLICKERING TORCH, something DARK lies. A WINDOWPANE
RATTLES in the WIND and the torch... goes out. Harry
steps closer, finds...
Justin-Finch-Fletchley. Lying rigid on the floor, a look
of shock on his frozen face. Nearby, an inert Nearly
Headless Nick floats, body teeming with BLACK SMOKE.
Kneeling, Harry notices a TRAIL OF SPIDERS scuttling away
from Justin's body and out the loose windowpane... when
suddenly...
... Harry senses someone watching him, wheels:
McGonagall.

HARRY

Professor, I swear I didn't --
PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
This is out of my hands, Potter.
Mr. Filch, will you take care of
this, please?
Harry's eyes shift. Filch lurks in the shadows beyond
McGonagall. He steps forward, HISSES QUIETLY.

FILCH

Caught in the act. I'll have you
out this time, Potter. Mark my
words...
As McGonagall leads Harry away, he looks back. Filch
stares at Justin and Nick, then turns. CAMERA DOLLYS

AWAY FROM HIM.


(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 3/1/02 72.




75 CONTINUED: 75





FILCH

Dark magic. That's what you've
got, Potter. Even the air you
breathe comes out poison. You're
evil. Evil as they come...




76 INT. GARGOYLE CORRIDOR - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER) 76

McGonagall marches Harry down to an UGLY STONE GARGOYLE.
PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
Sherbet lemon.
The Gargoyle SPRINGS TO LIFE, its wings opening.
PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
Professor Dumbledore will be
waiting for you.
McGonagall ushers Harry inside. It's an elevator. The
Gargoyle's wings close. Harry rises to an upper floor.




77 INT. DUMBLEDORE'S OFFICE - NIGHT 77

Harry steps out of the Gargoyle's embrace and enters a
large, circular room. STRANGE SILVER INSTRUMENTS WHIR
quietly. On a nearby shelf, the SORTING HAT sits. Harry
casts a wary eye at the PAST HEADMASTERS snoozing in the
PORTRAITS around him. In the last portrait, the
Headmaster is awake, reading a book. He is PROFESSOR
DIPPET. Harry approaches the Sorting Hat, glances
around, then places it atop his head.

SORTING HAT

Bee in your bonnet, Potter?

HARRY

Well, you see, I was wondering...

(CONTINUED)





73.





77 CONTINUED: 77





SORTING HAT

If I put you in the right house?
Yes... you were particularly
difficult to place. But I stand
by what I said last year... you
would have done well in Slytherin.
Harry strips the hat off, tosses it back onto the shelf.

HARRY

You're wrong!
The hat sits motionless. Silent. Hearing a GAGGING
SOUND, Harry wheels, finds an OLD, DECREPIT BIRD (FAWKES)
sitting on a GOLDEN PERCH. It wobbles, then... BURSTS
INTO FLAMES. As Dumbledore enters, Harry looks horror-
struck.

HARRY

Professor, your bird... I couldn't
do anything... He just caught
fire.

DUMBLEDORE

About time too. He's been looking
dreadful for days. Pity you had
to see him on a Burning Day. He's
really very handsome most of the
time.
(off Harry's look)
Fawkes is a phoenix, Harry.
Phoenixes burst into flame when it
is time for them to die and are
reborn from the ashes.
Harry looks to the floor. The ASHES swirl. A baby
Fawkes pokes out his wrinkled head, blinking through the
dust.

DUMBLEDORE

Fascinating creatures, phoenixes.
They can carry immensely heavy
loads, their tears have healing
powers, and they make highly
faithful pets.
Just then, Hagrid -- still clutching the dead rooster --
BURSTS through the door.

HAGRID

It wasn't Harry, Professor
Dumbledore!

(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02 74.




77 CONTINUED: (2) 77





DUMBLEDORE

Hagrid --

HAGRID

I was talkin' ter 'im jus' before
that kid was found. It can't've
bin 'im!

DUMBLEDORE

Hagrid --

HAGRID

I'll swear ter it in front o' the
Ministry o' Magic --

DUMBLEDORE

HAGRID! I do not think that Harry
has attacked anyone.

HAGRID

Oh. Right. I'll wait outside
then.
As Hagrid exits, Harry looks hopefully at Dumbledore.

HARRY

You don't think it was me,
Professor?

DUMBLEDORE

No, Harry. But I must ask you...
is there anything you'd like to
tell me. Anything at all?
Dumbledore waits. Harry debates. Finally...

HARRY

No, Professor. Nothing.




78 EXT. HOGWARTS CASTLE - DAY 78

Students drift into the snow with their trunks, heading
home for holiday. As Harry, Ron, and Hermione appear,
Ernie and few others cast wary glances.

FRED

Make way for the Heir of
Slytherin! Seriously evil wizard
coming through!
Ron grins, amused, then sees Harry -- anything but.

(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02 75.




78 CONTINUED: 78





RON

Oh, c'mon, Harry. Fred's just
having a laugh.




HARRY

He's the only one.

RON

Okay, so half the school thinks
you're nipping off to the Chamber
of Secrets every night. Who
cares?

HARRY

Maybe they're right.

HERMIONE

(reproachfully)
Harry!

HARRY

(frustrated)
I didn't know I could speak
Parseltongue. What else don't I
know about myself? Maybe you can
do something... even something
horrible... and not know you did
it.

HERMIONE

You don't believe that, Harry, I
know you don't. And if it makes
you feel better, I just heard
Malfoy's staying over for holiday,
too.

RON

Why would that make anyone feel
better?

HERMIONE

Because, in a few days, the
Polyjuice Potion's will be ready.
In a few days... we may truly know
who is the Heir of Slytherin.




79 INT. GREAT HALL - NIGHT 79

The Christmas Feast. The Hall glimmers grandly as
snowflakes tumble from the ceiling. Harry and Ron sit
with Hermione.

(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02 75A.




79 CONTINUED: (A1) 79





HERMIONE

Everything's set. We just need a
bit of who you're changing into.




HARRY

Crabbe and Goyle.

HERMIONE

And we also need to make sure that
the real Crabbe and Goyle can't
burst in on us while we're
interrogating Malfoy.

RON

How?
Hermione holds up a pair of SMALL CAKES.

HERMIONE

I've got it all worked out. I've
filled these with a simple
Sleeping Draught. Simple, but
powerful.
Ron glances at Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle, who presently
are eating everything in front of them.

HERMIONE

You know how greedy Crabbe and
Goyle are. They won't leave the
Christmas Feast until every last
drop of trifle is gone.

(MORE)


(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 11/20/01 76.




79 CONTINUED: 79





HERMIONE (CONT'D)

Now, once they're asleep, hide
them in a broom cupboard and pull
out a few of their hairs.




RON

And whose hair are you ripping out?

HERMIONE

I've already got mine.
She removes a SMALL VIAL. Inside is a TINY HAIR.

HERMIONE

Millicent Bulstrode. She's in
Slytherin. I got this off her
robes.
(rising)
All right then... I'm going to
check on the Polyjuice Potion.
Hermione points to the cakes in front of her.

HERMIONE

Remember. Just make sure Crabbe
and Goyle find these.
Hermione exits. Ron looks at Harry.

RON

Have you ever heard of a plan
where so many things could go
wrong?

80 INT. ENTRANCE HALL - NIGHT (A BIT LATER) 80

Harry and Ron, lurking behind a SUIT OF ARMOR, watch
Crabbe and Goyle exit the Great Hall.
Goyle spies the cakes instantly, perched on the end of
one of the banisters. Grabbing them, he reluctantly
surrenders one to Crabbe and, in unison, they stuff them
into their mouths. They pause. Look at each other. And
keel flat onto their backs.
Harry and Ron dash out, drag Crabbe and Goyle across the
floor and into a cupboard.




81 INT. GIRLS' BATHROOM - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER) 81

Hermione, wearing a Slytherin robe, hovers over a smoking
cauldron. Harry and Ron enter.

(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 11/20/01 76A.




81 CONTINUED: 81





HERMIONE

Did you get it?
Harry and Ron hold up their hands. In each: a TUFT OF
HAIR. Hermione points to a pair of SLYTHERIN ROBES.

HERMIONE

I sneaked those out of the
laundry.
Harry and Ron nod, glance at the cauldron. The potion
resembles a thick, dark, bubbling mud.

(CONTINUED)





77.





81 CONTINUED: 81





HERMIONE

I'm sure I've done everything
right. It looks like the book
said it should. Once we've drunk
it, we'll have exactly one hour
before we change back into
ourselves.

RON

Now what?

HERMIONE

We separate it into three glasses
and add the hairs.
Harry and Ron grimace.

CUT TO:





CLOSEUP - THE POTION

being poured into three glasses.
CAMERA PULLS BACK. Harry and Ron have changed into the
Slytherin robes. All three raise their glasses. Drop
the hairs. The potion turns shades of YELLOW, BROWN, and

KHAKI.


RON

Ugh. Essence of Crabbe...
They nod. DRINK. Ron swallows grimly, doubles over.

RON

Think I'm gonna be sick...
He runs into a stall. Harry looks sick, steps to a
CRACKED MIRROR. Hermione pauses. Looks worried.
Something's wrong...
INSIDE THE STALL: Ron bends over the toilet, watches his
reflection morph into Crabbe.
IN THE CRACKED MIRROR: Harry watches his face contort
into the thick features of Goyle.
Hermione looks at her arm. Patches of fur begin to
spread across her wrist and hand. Terrified, she RUNS
into a stall.
Ron emerges from his stall, a dead ringer for Crabbe.

(CONTINUED)





78.





81 CONTINUED: (2) 81





RON

Harry?

HARRY

Ron?

RON

Bloody hell.

HARRY

We still sound like ourselves.
You need to sound more like
Crabbe.

RON

(adjusts voice)
Bloody hell.

HARRY

Lower.

RON

(lower still)
Bloody hell.

HARRY

Less intelligent.

RON

(dumbing it down)
Bloody hell.

HARRY

Excellent.

RON

Hey... Where's Hermione?

HERMIONE (O.S.)

(from the stall)
I -- I don't think I'm going. You
go on without me.

HARRY

Hermione, are you okay?

HERMIONE (O.S.)

Just go! You're wasting time!




82 OMITTED 82




THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02 79.




83 EXT. MARBLE STAIRCASE - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER) 83







Harry and Ron hurry down the staircase.

RON

Don't swing your arms like that.
Crabbe holds them sort of stiff.
Harry goes a bit more "Neanderthal."

RON

Yeah. That's better.




84 GLOOMY CORRIDOR/DUNGEONS - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER) 84

Harry and Ron move quickly, when... FOOTSTEPS sound.
Seconds later, Percy appears at the end of the corridor.

RON

What are you doing here?
Percy squints, confused by Ron's voice. Harry elbows
Ron, who clears his throat and speaks in a lower voice.

RON

What are you doing here?

PERCY

I happen to be a prefect. You, on
the other hand, have no business
wandering the corridors at night.
It's not safe these days.
Harry and Ron NOD, afraid to speak. Percy squints again.

PERCY

What're your names again?

DRACO

Crabbe. Goyle. Where have you
been? Pigging out in the Great
Hall all this time?
Draco is walking towards them, glances witheringly at Percy.

DRACO

And what are you doing down here,
Weasley?

PERCY

Mind your attitude, Malfoy. You
want to show a little bit more
respect to a school Prefect!

(CONTINUED)





80.





84 CONTINUED: 84





DRACO

Come on, boys. Weasley thinks
he's going to catch Slytherin's
hair single-handed.



Percy steams. Draco sneers, walks off with Harry and
Ron.




85 OMITTED 85





86 INT. SLYTHERIN COMMON ROOM - NIGHT (LATER) 86

Harry and Ron trail Draco inside, glance around warily.

DRACO

Listen to this...
Draco grabs The Daily Prophet, reads the front page.

DRACO

'Arthur Weasley, Head of the
Misuse of Muggle Artefacts Office,
was today fined fifty Galleons for
bewitching a Muggle car. "Weasley
has brought the Ministry into
disrepute," said Lucius Malfoy, a
governor of Hogwarts. "He is
clearly unfit to draw up our laws
and his ridiculous Muggle
Protection Act should be scrapped
immediately."'
Grinning, Malfoy glances over the paper at Harry and Ron.

DRACO

Arthur Weasley loves Muggle so
much he should snap his wand in
half and go join them. You'd
never know the Weasleys were
purebloods, the way they behave.
Embarrassment to the wizarding
world. All of them.
Ron growls. Harry elbows him. Draco looks surprised.

DRACO

What's up with you, Crabbe?

RON

(low voice)
Stomachache.

(CONTINUED)





81.





86 CONTINUED: 86





DRACO

Well, go to the hospital wing
and give all those Mudbloods a kick
in the arse for me! You know, I'm
surprised The Daily Prophet hasn't
reported all these attacks yet. I
suppose Dumbledore's trying to hush
it all up. He'll be sacked if it
doesn't stop soon. Father always
said Dumbledore's the worst thing
that's ever happened to this place.

HARRY

You're wrong!

DRACO

What? Did you say that I was
wrong? You think there's someone
here who's worse than Dumbledore?
Ron stiffens. Worried. Harry thinks, then:

HARRY

Harry Potter.

DRACO

(grinning)
Good one, Goyle. You're
absolutely right. Saint Potter.
He's another one with no proper
wizard feeling, or he wouldn't go
around with that Mudblood Granger.
And people actually think he's the
Heir of Slytherin.
Harry and Ron exchange a glance. Harry leans closer to
Draco.

HARRY

Then you must have some idea who's
behind it all?

DRACO

You know I haven't, Goyle. How
many times do I have to tell you?
But my father did say this much:
It's been fifty years since the
Chamber was opened. He wouldn't
tell me who opened it -- only that
they were expelled -- but I know
this: the last time the Chamber
of Secrets was opened, a Mudblood
died.

(MORE)


(CONTINUED)





82.





86 CONTINUED: (2) 86





DRACO (CONT'D)

So it's only a matter of time
before one of them's killed this
time. As for me... I hope it's
Granger.
As Malfoy grins, Ron's fist rises... when Harry stops
him.

DRACO

What's the matter with you two?
You're acting very... odd.

RON

Ho!
Harry turns, sees Ron staring wide-eyed: Harry's SCAR is
beginning to surface beneath the skin of Goyle's thick
forehead. And Crabbe's hair is... turning RED. They
both JUMP to their feet, DASHING out of the room.

DRACO

Hey! Where are you going?




87 INT. ENTRANCE HALL - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER) 87

As Harry and Ron race toward the stairs, the BROOM CLOSET
bursts open and a woozy Crabbe and Goyle stagger out.
They freeze -- watch themselves run up the staircase.




88 INT. SECOND FLOOR CORRIDOR - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER) 88

Harry and Ron sprint toward the desecrated wall, their
bodies metamorphosing, until, finally, as they hit the
door...




89 INT. GIRLS BATHROOM - NIGHT 89

... They are fully themselves once more.

RON

That was close!

HARRY

Hermione, come out. We've got
loads to tell you!

HERMIONE

Go away!

(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02 83.




89 CONTINUED: 89




As Harry and Ron exchange a puzzled glance, Moaning
Myrtle spirals INTO VIEW, looking disturbingly...
happy.

MOANING MYRTLE

Ooh, wait till you see. It's
awful!
The stall's lock slides back. The door opens slowly.

HERMIONE (O.S.)

Do you remember me telling you the
Polyjuice Potion was only for
human transformations...?
Even in shadow, they can see: Hermione's face is covered
in FUR, her eyes YELLOW, and POINTED EARS poke through
her hair.

HERMIONE

It was cat hair I plucked off
Millicent Bulstrode's robes! Look
at my face!

RON

Look at your tail.




90 INT. HOSPITAL WING - DAY (TWO WEEKS LATER) 90

Staggering under the weight of the LIBRARY BOOKS in their
arms, Harry and Ron make their way to Hermione's bed,
which is covered in... BOOKS.

HERMIONE

Oh, good. Put those anywhere.
They look. There is no anywhere. So they just... drop
them.

RON

Madam Pince asked that we relay a
message to you, Hermione: She'd
appreciate it if you'd leave a few
books for the rest of the school.

HERMIONE

I've got to keep up, haven't I?
Just then, Hermione's tail twitches INTO VIEW.

RON

Is that thing ever going away?

(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02 84.




90 CONTINUED: 90





HERMIONE

Any day now, according to Madam
Pomfrey. I'm just thankful I've
stopped coughing up fur balls.




RON

We all are, believe me.

HERMIONE

Now. What about the Chamber of
Secrets? Any new leads?

HARRY

Nothing.

HERMIONE

And has it gotten any better? I
mean... is anyone speaking to you?

HARRY

Neville asked to borrow a tubeworm
in Potions yesterday. I suppose
that's something.
Ron takes a GET-WELL CARD from under Hermione's pillow.

RON

'To Miss Granger. Wishing you a
speedy recovery, from your
concerned teacher Gilderoy
Lockhart.' You sleep with this
under your pillow?

HERMIONE

Of course not. I don't know how
that got there. Now go. I still
have six hundred pages to read in
Transformation Through the Ages.




91 OMITTED 91





92 EXT. SECOND-FLOOR CORRIDOR - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER) 92

Harry and Ron mount the stairs, emerge.

RON

I know Hermione's mental, but can
you believe she falls for that
smarmy nonsense of Lockhart's?

(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02 84A.




92 CONTINUED: 92




They stop. Look down. A GREAT FLOOD OF WATER streams
from the Girls' Bathroom. From within, MYRTLE can be
heard MOANING.




HARRY

Looks like Myrtle's flooded the
bathroom.
As Harry sploshes off toward the bathroom, Ron steps
lightly.

RON

Yuck.




93 INT. GIRLS BATHROOM - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER) 93

HUGE, WRACKING MOANS echo off the dreary tile. All the
taps are running, streaming like tiny waterfalls. As
Harry and Ron step to the last cubicle, Myrtle spins
accusingly.

(CONTINUED)





85.





93 CONTINUED: 93





MOANING MYRTLE

Come to throw something else at
me?




HARRY

Why would I throw something at
you?

MOANING MYRTLE

Don't ask me. Here I am, minding
my own business, and someone
thinks it's funny to throw a book
at me...

RON

But it can't hurt if someone
throws something at you. I mean,
it'd just go right through you,
wouldn't it?

MOANING MYRTLE

Oh sure! Let's all throw books at
Myrtle, because she can't feel it!
Ten points if you can get it
through her stomach. Fifty points
if it goes through her head!

HARRY

Who threw it at you anyway?

MOANING MYRTLE

I don't know. I didn't see them.
I was just sitting in the U-bend,
thinking about death and it fell
through the top of my head.
Harry sees a SMALL BLACK BOOK on the floor. Picks it up.

RON

Fifty points if you can get it
through her nose.

MOANING MYRTLE


I HEARD THAT!

Harry and Ron dash out.

94 INT. CORRIDOR - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER) 94

Harry examines the book as he and Ron walk.

HARRY

This is a diary. And it's old...

(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 4/9/02 86.




94 CONTINUED: 94





RON

It's a diary, it's old... and was
most recently in a toilet, Harry.



Harry starts to open it... when Ron grabs his hand.

RON

Are you mad? That could be
cursed. Dad once told me about a
book the Ministry confiscated that
burned the eyes out of anyone who
tried to read it.

HARRY

I'll take my chances...
(opening it)
Ahhh! MY EYES! MY EYES!
Ron freezes, terrified, when... Harry grins, ending the
ruse. At the end of corridor, Ginny stands, looking from
the diary to Harry -- utter terror on her face -- then
dashes off.

HARRY

Ginny! I was only joking --
Brilliant. Even your sister
thinks I'm the monster now.

RON

Who doesn't?
Ron frowns suddenly. On the first page on the diary,
EMBOSSED LETTERS spell out a name: TOM MARVOLO RIDDLE.

RON

Tin Marvolo Riddle? Hang on. I
know that name...
(thinking, then)
Of course! The night I had
detention... My job was to polish
the silver in the trophy room. I
remember because I kept burping
slugs all over Tom Riddle's
trophy. I must have wiped slime
off his name for an hour.
Harry fans the pages. They're empty.

HARRY

That's odd. He never wrote in it.




95 INT. HOSPITAL WING - LATER THAT NIGHT 95

CLOSEUP: DIARY. A GOLD EMBOSSED ADDRESS on the back
reads: WAXFLATTER'S BOOKSELLERS. 422 VAUXHALL ROAD.

(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 4/9/02 87.




95 CONTINUED: 95




CAMERA PULLS BACK. Harry sits with Hermione in the
moonlit room. Hermione studies the diary curiously.

HERMIONE

Tom Riddle... Hm. And Ron said he
won an award fifty years ago?

HARRY

Special Services to the School or
something --

HERMIONE

Fifty years ago? You're sure?

HARRY

Yes. Why?

HERMIONE

Don't you remember what Malfoy
told you? The last time the
Chamber of Secrets was opened
was --

HARRY

Fifty years ago! That means --

HERMIONE

Tom Riddle was here, at Hogwarts,
when it happened. What if he
wrote about what he saw? It's
possible he knew where the Chamber
was, how to open it, even what
sort of creature lives in it. If
so, whoever's behind the attacks
this time wouldn't want a diary
like this lying around, would
they?

HARRY

That's a brilliant theory,
Hermione. With just one tiny
little flaw. There's nothing
written in this diary.

HERMIONE

It might be invisible ink.
(pulls out her wand)
Aparecium!
She taps the diary three times. Nothing happens. The
pages remain BLANK. She frowns, passes the book back to
Harry.

(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02 88.




95 CONTINUED: (2) 95





HERMIONE

I don't know, Harry. But I think
you should be careful with this.
Something tells me Ron might be
right. It could be dangerous.

HARRY

You don't think I'm dangerous, do
you, Hermione? I mean, you're not
scared. Of me.

HERMIONE

I'm scared, Harry. But not of
you.




96 INT. GRYFFINDOR DORMITORY/COMMON ROOM - NIGHT (LATER) 96

CAMERA STARTS OVERHEAD, looking down on the boys'
dormitory. Seamus, Neville, Ron and Dean sleep. One bed
is empty. CAMERA CRANES TO the Common Room, finds Harry
sitting alone, flipping through the blank pages of the
diary.
Harry starts to set the diary aside, then notices a
BOTTLE OF INK sitting on the desk. An idea flickers.
Taking his QUILL, Harry dips it, and hesitates. As he
does, a DROP of INK hangs, suspended like a tear, then...

DROPS.

The ink BLAZES briefly, then... VANISHES... as if it were
sucked into the page. Excited, Harry dips his quill
again, and, this time, writes: My name is Harry Potter.
The words blaze, VANISH. Slowly, oozing out of the page,
comes a response: Hello, Harry Potter. My name is Tom
Riddle.
Harry's mind races. Deciding, he MUTTERS the words he
writes:

HARRY

Do... you... know... anything...
about... the... Chamber... of...
Secrets?
Yes.

HARRY

Can... you... tell... me?
No.

(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02 89.




96 CONTINUED: 96




Harry frowns. Then... slowly... new words ooze to the
surface.
But I can show you...
Harry waits, intrigued. Then, suddenly...
The pages FLUTTER WILDLY, stop on "June the 13th." On
the page, a TINY SQUARE SHIMMERS... like a WINDOW. Harry
lifts the book, puts his eye close and... PITCHES
FORWARD, spilling through the widening window, into a
WHIRL of COLOR and SHADOW, tumbling onto his feet...




97 INT. CORRIDOR/ENTRANCE HALL - NIGHT (FIFTY YEARS AGO) 97

... in torch-lit corridor. Everything is de-saturated,
save for Harry, who retains the true, rich colors of the
present. He glances about, disoriented, then spies a BOY
(TOM RIDDLE) at the end of the corridor, peering around a
corner. A FLURRY of SHADOWS dances on the wall beyond
the boy, revealing the presence of others, unseen, in an
adjoining room.
As Harry advances, LOW VOICES emanate from the shadows.
As he reaches the boy, Harry speaks in a WHISPER:

HARRY

Excuse me. Could you tell me
where I am? Hello...?
The boy doesn't respond, eyes staked to the activity in
the adjoining room... which Harry sees now is the
Entrance Hall. A group of ELDER WITCHES and WIZARDS --
Hogwarts Professors -- talk amongst themselves, then...
abruptly go silent. Make way for two YOUNG WIZARDS,
bearing a STRETCHER.

VOICE (O.S.)

Riddle.
The boy wheels... and looks right through Harry. Harry
turns, too. It's Dumbledore... fifty years younger.

TOM RIDDLE

Professor Dumbledore.

DUMBLEDORE

It's not wise to be wandering
around this late, Tom.

(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02 90.




97 CONTINUED: 97





TOM RIDDLE

Yes, Professor. I suppose I -- I
just had to see for myself, if...



Riddle glances toward the young wizards, watches them
carry the stretcher out of the Hall, into the night.

TOM RIDDLE

... the rumors were true.

DUMBLEDORE

I'm afraid they are, Tom.

TOM RIDDLE

About the school as well? They
wouldn't really close Hogwarts,
would they, Professor?

DUMBLEDORE

Headmaster Dippet may have no
choice, I'm afraid.

TOM RIDDLE

Sir? If it all stopped. If the
person responsible was caught...

DUMBLEDORE

Is there something you wish to
tell me, Tom?

TOM RIDDLE

(a long beat)
No, sir. Nothing.
Dumbledore studies Riddle for a moment.

DUMBLEDORE

Very well then. Hurry along.
Dumbledore strides directly past Harry, not seeing him.
When he is gone, Riddle moves quickly, toward the dungeon
steps.




98 OMITTED 98


& &


99 99





100 INT. CORRIDOR - DUNGEONS - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER) 100

Up ahead, a SPLINTER of LIGHT leaks through a DOOR.
Riddle puts his eye to the crack. Inside, someone is

SPEAKING.


(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02 91.




100 CONTINUED: 100





VOICE (O.S.)

C'mon, Aragog. Gotta get yeh
outta here... C'mon now.. in the
box...



As Riddle pushes the door clear, Harry sees a second,
smaller room. Crouched by a BOX, is a huge boy... YOUNG
HAGRID. A STRANGE CLICKING comes from the BOX.

TOM RIDDLE

Evening, Hagrid.
Hagrid SLAMS the door shut.

TOM RIDDLE

I'm going to have to turn you in,
Hagrid. I don't think you meant
it to kill anyone --

YOUNG HAGRID

No, yeh can't! Yeh don'
understand!

TOM RIDDLE

Hagrid. The dead girl's parents
will be here tomorrow. The least
Hogwarts can do is make sure the
thing that killed their daughter
is slaughtered.

YOUNG HAGRID

It wasn' him! Aragog never'd kill
no one! Never!

RIDDLE

Monsters don't make good pets,
Hagrid. Now... stand aside...
Riddle draws his wand, BLASTS the closed DOOR off its
hinges, extinguishing the torches within. Harry GASPS.
A low-slung CREATURE with a tangle of black legs, a gleam
of many eyes and a pair of razor-sharp pincers, scuttles
out of the shadows. As Riddle points his wand at it,
Hagrid LEAPS...

YOUNG HAGRID

Noooooo!

(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 3/1/02 92.




100 CONTINUED: (2) 100




As they tumble to the floor, the entire ROOM WHIRLS off
its axis, spinning, and Harry finds himself plummeting
through color and shadow again, falling flat on his back
to...



... the floor of the Gryffindor Common Room, the ceiling
above spinning, slowly, to a stop. Harry rises, dashes
upstairs.




100A INT. BOYS' DORMITORY - NIGHT 100A

Harry rushes to Ron, shakes him awake, WHISPERING INTENSELY.

HARRY

Ron!
Ron!

RON

What? What's happened...?

HARRY

It was Hagrid. Hagrid opened the
Chamber of Secrets fifty years ago.




100B EXT. HOGWARTS - ESTABLISHING SHOT - DAY 100B

CAMERA SOARS high over the castle, as below, students
hurry to their classes. Finally, it FINDS:




101 OMITTED 101





102 EXT./INT. HOGWARTS GROUNDS - DAY (LATER) 102

Harry, Ron and Hermione walking together across the grounds.

HERMIONE

It can't be Hagrid. It just can't
be.

RON

We don't even know this Riddle.
He sounds like a dirty, rotten
snitch to me.

HARRY

The monster had killed someone,
Ron. What would any of us done?

HERMIONE

Look. Hagrid's our friend. Why
don't we just go ask him about it?

(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 3/1/02 93.




102 CONTINUED: 102





RON

That'd be a cheerful visit.
Hullo, Hagrid. Tell us, have you
been setting anything mad and
hairy loose in the castle lately?

HAGRID

Mad an' hairy? Wouldn' be talkin'
'bou me, now would yeh?
The trio wheels, spots Hagrid grinning at them. They
instantly look guilty.

HARRY/RON/HERMIONE

No!
Hagrid looks at them curiously. Harry nods to the
STRANGE CANISTER in his hand.

HARRY

What's that you've got, Hagrid?

HAGRID

Flesh-Eatin' Slug Repellent. Fer
the Mandrakes, yeh know.
Accordin' ter Professor Sprout,
they still got a bit o' growin' up
ter do, but once their acne clears
up, we'll be able to chop 'em up,
stew 'em, an' get those people in
the hospital un-Petrified. 'Til
then, you three best watch
yerselves, all righ'?
They nod, watch Hagrid lope away. Just then, Neville
comes running up. He looks pale with fright.

NEVILLE

Harry, I don't know who did it,
but... you'd better come.



THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02 94.




103 OMITTED 103








104 INT. GRYFFINDOR TOWER DORMITORY - DAY 104

Harry's space is a disaster: trunk riffled, drawers
flung open, bedclothes strewn on the floor.

HERMIONE

It had to be a Gryffindor. Nobody
else knows our password. Unless,
it wasn't a student...

(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 3/1/02 95.




104 CONTINUED: 104





RON

Well, whoever it was, they were
looking for something.




HARRY

And they found it... Tom Riddle's
diary is gone.




105 EXT. HOGWARTS GROUNDS - DAY 105

Students stream into the Quidditch Stadium.




105A INT. MARBLE STAIRCASE - DAY 105A

Harry, dressed in his Quidditch robes, dashes down the
staircase with Ron and Hermione. Down below, Ron spies
Ginny.

RON

Hey, Ginny! Going to the match?
Ginny looks up, startled, then shakes her head and exits.

RON

I tell you, she gets weirder and
weirder by the day...

VOICE (O.S.)

Kill this time... Let me rip...
Tear.
Harry freezes. Ron and Hermione stop, knowing by his face...

RON

No... don't tell me...
Harry turns, as if following the SOUND, absently touching
his fingers to the wall as he glances around. Hermione
studies him with great interest -- STUDIES HIS FINGERS --
then, abruptly, Harry turns away, shakes his head: it's
gone. Hermione looks up, eyes vaguely upon Harry, but
her mind miles away.

HERMIONE

Harry... I think I've just understood
something! I've got to go to the
library!
As Hermione sprints back up the stairs, Harry YELLS.

HARRY

What do you understand!

(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER 0F SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02 96.




105A CONTINUED: 105A




But she's gone. Harry turns to Ron in puzzlement.

HARRY

The library?




RON

That's Hermione. When in doubt,
go to the library




106 EXT. REAR OF QUIDDITCH STADIUM - DAY (LATER) 106

Harry and his teammates march toward the Quidditch tower.
The CHEERS of the CROWD are heard.

WOOD

Listen up now. We play our game,
Hufflepuff doesn't stand a chance.
We're stronger, quicker, smarter.

GEORGE

Not to mention they're dead
terrified Harry'll Petrify them if
they fly anywhere near him.

WOOD

That, too.
Just then, Professor McGonagall appears, barring their
way.

WOOD

Professor McGonagall --
PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
This match has been cancelled.

WOOD

Cancelled! They can't cancel
Quidditch --
PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
Silence, Wood! You will return to
Gryffindor Tower now. Potter, you
and I will find Mr. Weasley.
There's something the both of you
need to see.




107 INT. HOSPITAL WING - DAY 107

McGonagall pauses outside the door, turns to Harry and
Ron.

(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER 0F SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02 97.




107 CONTINUED: 107




PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
I warn you. This will be a bit of
a shock.



She opens the door. Madam Pomfrey is leaning over a bed
where a girl lies. As she straightens up, we see the
girl is...

RON

Hermione!
PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
She was found near the library.
Along with this. Does it mean
anything to either of you?
She holds up a SMALL CIRCULAR MIRROR. Harry shakes his
head. McGonagall nods gravely, leads them out. As they
go, the CAMERA DRIFTS to HERMIONE'S HAND. Clinched tight
in her stiff knuckles, barely visible, is... a PIECE OF

PAPER.





108 INT. GRYFFINDOR COMMON ROOM - NIGHT 108

McGonagall reads from a PARCHMENT to the somber
Gryffindors.
PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
All students will return to their
house common rooms by six o'clock
in the evening. You will be
escorted to each lesson by a
teacher. No exceptions.
(rolling up
the parchment)
I should tell you all this.
Unless the culprit behind these
attacks is caught, it is likely
that the school will be closed.
McGonagall turns, exits. Instantly, as one, the
students begin to talk amongst themselves. Neville
speaks up.

NEVILLE

Haven't any of the teachers
noticed that the Slytherins are
all safe? Isn't it obvious all
this stuff's coming from
Slytherin? The Heir of Slytherin,
the monster of Slytherin -- why
don't they just chuck all the
Slytherins out?

(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER 0F SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02 98.




108 CONTINUED: 108





SEAMUS

They can't close Hogwarts. Where
would we all go?




DEAN THOMAS

I don't care what anyone says. As
long as Dumbledore's here,
Hogwarts will be here.
Harry WHISPERS to Ron.

HARRY

We've got to talk to Hagrid, Ron.
I can't believe it's him. But if
he did set the monster loose last
time -- even by accident -- he'll
know how to get inside the Chamber
of Secrets. And that's a start.

RON

But you heard McGonagall. We're
not allowed to leave the tower
except for class --

HARRY

I think it's time to get my Dad's
old Cloak out again.




109 INT. TOWER DORMITORY - NIGHT (LATER) 109

CLOSEUP: A drawer opens, a HAND reaches in, takes the
INVISIBILITY CLOAK. CAMERA PULLS BACK, REVEALS Ron and
Harry. All around them, the other boys sleep. Harry
pitches the cloak over himself and Ron. They're gone.




110 OMITTED 110


& &


111 111





112 INT. ENTRANCE HALL - NIGHT 112

Harry and Ron, beneath the cloak, sneak by an unaware
Snape.




112A OMITTED 112A





99.





113 EXT. HAGRID'S HUT - NIGHT 113




A KNOCK. Hagrid swings open the door. Crossbow in hand.

HAGRID

Who's there?



Harry and Ron drop the cloak. Hagrid lowers the
crossbow.




114 INT. HAGRID'S HUT - NIGHT 114

FANG, Hagrid's enormous BOARHOUND, THUMPS HIS TAIL at the
sight of Harry and Ron. Harry points to the crossbow.

HARRY

What's that for?

HAGRID

Nothin', nothin'. I've been
expectin'... Doesn't matter. Sit
down... I'll make tea...
Hagrid nervously takes the kettle, spills the water..

HARRY

Are you okay? Hagrid? Did you
hear about Hermione?

HAGRID

Oh, yea. I heard, all righ'.

HARRY

Look... we have to ask you
something. Do you know who's
opened the Chamber of Secrets?
Hagrid takes a fruit cake, stops, about to answer,
when... there is a LOUD KNOCK. The fruitcake SMASHES to
the floor. Panicked, Harry and Ron throw the cloak over
themselves. Sweating, Hagrid grabs his crossbow, points
it at the door.

HAGRID

C-come in.
The door opens. A grim Dumbledore enters, followed by a
portly man in a pin-stripe suit and bowler: CORNELIUS

FUDGE.


DUMBLEDORE

Good evening, Hagrid.

(CONTINUED)





100.





114 CONTINUED: 114





RON

(whispering to Harry)
That's Dad's boss! Cornelius
Fudge. The Minister of Magic!



Harry elbows Ron to shut him up.

FUDGE

Bad business, Hagrid. Very bad
business. Had to come. Four
attacks on Muggle-borns.
Things've gone far enough.
Ministry's got to act.

HAGRID

I never... You know I never,
Professor Dumbledore, sir...

DUMBLEDORE

I want it understood, Cornelius,
that Hagrid has my full
confidence.

FUDGE

Look, Albus, Hagrid's record's
against him. I've got to take
him.

HAGRID

Take me? Where? Not Azkaban
prison.

FUDGE

For a short stretch only. Not a
punishment, Hagrid. More a
precaution. If someone else is
caught, you'll be released with a
full apology.
Just then, there is a SHARP RAP on the door. As
Dumbledore opens it, Harry slumps. It's Lucius
Malfoy.

LUCIUS MALFOY

Already here, Fudge? Good,
good...

HAGRID

What're you doin' here! Get outta
my house!

(CONTINUED)





101.





114 CONTINUED: (2) 114





LUCIUS MALFOY

My dear man, please believe me, I
have no pleasure at all in being
inside your -- do you call this a
house? I simply called at the
school and was told the Headmaster
was here.

DUMBLEDORE

And what exactly did you want with
me, Lucius?

LUCIUS MALFOY

Dreadful thing, Dumbledore, but
the governors feel it's time for
you to step aside. This is an
Order of Suspension. You'll find
all twelve signatures on it. I'm
afraid we feel you're losing your
touch. What with all these
attacks, there'll be no Muggle-
borns left at Hogwarts. And we
all know what an awful loss that
would be.
Malfoy hands Fudge an OFFICIAL ROLL of PARCHMENT.

FUDGE

Now, see here, Lucius. Dumbledore
suspended. No, no... last thing
we want right now... If Dumbledore
can't stop these attacks... I mean
to say, who can?

LUCIUS MALFOY

That remains to be seen, but as
all twelve governors have voted --

HAGRID

An' how many did yeh have ter
threaten before they agreed!

LUCIUS MALFOY

I would advise you not to shout at
the Azkaban guards like that.

HAGRID

Yeh can take Dumbledore! Take him
away an' the Muggle-borns won'
stand a chance! There'll be
killin's next!

(CONTINUED)





102.





114 CONTINUED: (3) 114





DUMBLEDORE

Calm yourself, Hagrid!
(steely-eyed)
If the governors want my removal,
Lucius, I shall of course step
aside. However... you will find
that I will only truly have left
this school when none here are
loyal to me. You will also find
that help will always be given at
Hogwarts to those who... ask for
it.
Dumbledore's eyes drift -- unmistakably -- to Harry.

LUCIUS MALFOY

Admirable sentiments. We shall
all miss your highly individual
way of running things, Albus, and
only hope your successor will
manage to prevent any more, um,
killin's.
Malfoy strides to the door and bows Dumbledore out.
Fudge, fiddling with his bowler, waits for Hagrid.
Instead, Hagrid stands his ground, takes a deep breath
and says carefully...

HAGRID

If anyone wanted ter find out some
stuff, all they'd have ter do is
follow the spiders. That'd lead
'em right! Tha's all I'm sayin'.
Fudge stares at Hagrid in amazement, then follows him
out. As the door SLAMS SHUT, FANG starts to HOWL,
scratching at the closed door. Harry and Ron emerge from
the cloak.

RON

Hagrid's right. With Dumbledore
gone, there'll be an attack a day.

HARRY

Look...
At the windowsill, a TRAIL OF SPIDERS escapes through a
crack in the glass. Harry grabs Hagrid's LANTERN.

HARRY

C'mon.




103.





115 OMITTED 115

thru thru

118 118





119 EXT. HAGRID'S HUT - NIGHT 119




Harry illuminates the TRAIL OF SPIDERS. They run from
the window to the ground, to the dark trees in the near
distance. As Harry moves to follow, Ron hesitates.

RON

What are you doing?

HARRY

You heard Hagrid. Follow the
spiders.

RON

They're heading into the Dark
Forest.
Harry sighs, heads off. Terrified, Ron grabs Fang,
follows.

RON

Why spiders. Why couldn't it be
'Follow the butterflies'?




120 OMITTED 120





121 EXT. DARK FOREST - NIGHT 121

Fang crashes through low-slung branches and sharp
brambles as Harry follows. Ron gingerly picks his way,
the JUMPS... as FANG HOWLS. BRANCHES SNAP. A RUMBLING
NOISE sounds, then... SILENCE. Harry spies something,
points O.S.

HARRY

There's something moving over
there... something big.
Just then a BLAZE of LIGHT splinters the trees, blinding
them. They start to flee... when Ron stops.

RON

Harry!... Harry, it's our car!
Scratched and mud-smeared, with bits of earth and grass
sprouting from its headlamps and hubcaps -- the Ford
Anglia looks half-animal. Ron circles it in wonder.

(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER 0F SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02 104.




121 CONTINUED: 121





HARRY

It's been here all the time! Look
at it. The Forest has turned it
wild.



Harry nods, then glances back up the slope.

HARRY

C'mon, we don't want to lose the
trail.




121A EXT. SPIDERS' HOLLOW - NIGHT 121A

Harry and Ron enter a hollow ribboned with shadows.
Enormous trees tower over them, strewn with strands of
white webbing. Ron steps on a strand, kicks it off
queasily. Harry peers up ahead: at the far end of the
hollow, the spiders stream toward a DARK OPENING.
As Harry and Ron approach the opening, a CLICKING SOUND
emanates from within, ECHOING in the branches of the tall
trees. GROWING LOUDER. Ron falters, glancing about
nervously.

RON

I don't have a good feeling about
this, Harry --

HARRY

Don't panic.
As Harry steps to the mouth of the cavern, the AIR
suddenly CRACKLES with MOVEMENT. TWIGS SNAP. A HUGE
SHADOW emerges, slowly engulfs Harry. He peers up.

SEES:

An ANCIENT SPIDER (ARAGOG), the size of a small elephant.
As it advances, Harry and Ron back slowly away. Then:
its BLIND EYES catch the light, and it STOPS. As if...
listening.

ARAGOG

You do not come from the forest.
Your hearts beat like... men.

HARRY

(breathing finally)
Yes. We're friends of Hagrid's.
And you... you're...
(as it comes to him)
... Aragog, aren't you?

(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER 0F SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02 105.




121A CONTINUED: 121A




Hearing this, Aragog's head turns slightly.

ARAGOG

Hagrid has never sent men into our
hollow before.

HARRY

He's in trouble. Up at school,
there've been attacks. They think
it's Hagrid. They think he's
opened the Chamber of Secrets.
Like before.
As Harry talks, Ron's eyes dart warily about, then...
RON'S POV - a pair of long legs -- SPIDER'S LEGS -- curl
slowly around the trunk of the tree to his left.
Terrified, Ron NUDGES Harry, but Harry ignores him.

ARAGOG

That's a lie! Hagrid never opend
the Chamber of Secrets!

HARRY

But if Hagrid never... that
means... you're not the monster.

ARAGOG

The monster was born in the
castle. I came from a distant
land, in the pocket of a traveler.
Ron turns. TWO CRAWLING SILHOUETTES inch forward.
Pause. Waiting. Watching.

RON

Harry...

HARRY

Shhh!
(to Aragog)
But if you're not the monster,
what did kill that girl fifty
years ago?

ARAGOG

We do not speak of it! It is an
ancient creature we spiders fear
above all others.

HARRY

But have you seen it?

(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER 0F SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02 106.




121A CONTINUED: (2) 121A




A SCRABBLING SOUND ECHOES above Ron. He GLANCES UP: a
SPIDER crouches on a branch above.

ARAGOG

I never saw any part of the castle
but the cupboard in which Hagrid
kept me. The girl was discovered
in a bathroom. When I was
accused, Hagrid brought me here.
More SCRABBLING. Ron looks up. We PAN UP with him.
SEE: SPIDERS -- in high and low branches -- DROPPING
DOWNWARD like paratroopers. Ron GRABS Harry.

HARRY

(annoyed)
What!
Ron points. Harry looks. Pales. Turns slowly back to
Aragog.

HARRY

Well... thank you. We'll just
go...

ARAGOG

Go? I think not. My sons and
daughters do not harm Hagrid, on
my command. But I cannot deny
them fresh meat when it wanders so
willingly into our midst.
Goodbye, friend of Hagrid.
Aragog turns, disappears into the shadows of the cavern.

RON

Can we panic now?
CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! Harry and Ron SPIN. A GANG of
FIVE-FOOT SPIDERS bar the path ahead. Begin to move
forward. Harry and Ron SPIN again: SPIDERS.
Everywhere. CLOSING IN.
Desperately, Harry swings the LANTERN in his hand. The
spiders falter, then CREEP FORWARD again as the ARC of
the LIGHT chases itself away. Around and around. Then:
The LANTERN goes out.
Harry pitches it aside. As one, he and Ron draw their
wands.

RON

Nice knowing you.

(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02 106A.




121A CONTINUED: (3) 121A




They're done for. Fang WHIMPERS. The spiders draw
closer, CLICKING FEVERISHLY, when...
... a LONG, LOUD HORN BLEATS. Seconds later, a BLAZE of
LIGHT ignites the hollow and the FORD ANGLIA comes
THUNDERING over the rim and down the slope, KNOCKING
SPIDERS OUT OF ITS PATH. As it SCREECHES to a halt, the

DOORS FLING OPEN.


HARRY

Let's go!
Harry, Ron and Fang LEAP INSIDE. Ron SHIFTS FRANTICALLY.
A SPIDER appears at Harry's open window.

HARRY


THE WINDOWS! ROLL UP THE WINDOWS!


RON

(trying)

I CAN'T! IT'S STUCK!

Just then, a hairy leg reaches through Ron's window.
Instantly, Ron HITS the gas, throws the car into REVERSE.
Spiders scatter, but the TWO clinging to the side windows
hold tight. As the CAR ZOOMS BACKWARDS out of the
hollow, Harry rolls his window tight, SNAPPING OFF his

SPIDER'S LEGS.





121B EXT. ANOTHER PART OF THE FOREST - NIGHT 121B

The Anglia jets out of the hollow, lands with a THUD.
Harry turns. The other spider is PULLING RON from the
car. Harry points his wand, utters a spell and a
BLINDING FLASH OF WHITE LIGHT BLASTS the spider into the
shadows whipping past.

RON

Thanks for that.

(CONTINUED)





107.





121B CONTINUED: 121B





HARRY

Don't mention it.
They stop. Both hear it: a DISTANT CLICKING. As the
car flies over a ridge, they see them: a SEA OF SPIDERS
heading straight for them like a herd of raging
wildebeest. Ron puts his foot to the floor, SPINS the
wheel and sends the car sliding away. The spiders
STAMPEDE after.




121C EXT. ANOTHER PART OF THE FOREST - BLACK PARK - NIGHT 121C

The Anglia SLALOMS through the forest, skimming past
trees as the spiders CHARGE after. Harry peers ahead,
SEES an area of FALLEN TREES. There is an OPENING, one
narrow escape route.

HARRY

That way! It's the only way out!
(looking back)
Hurry! They're catching up!
Ron JAMS the accelerator... just as a GIANT TARANTULA
drops in front of the escape route. Harry and Ron are as
good as dead.

HARRY

Can you get us in the air?

RON

(jostling the
gear stick)
Flying gear's jammed!
The spiders behind DRAW CLOSER. The TARANTULA waits
ahead. Harry claps his hand over Ron's on the gear
shift, pushing. The tarantula's pincers open, ready to
kill, when... the GEAR SHIFT GIVES, the Anglia's wheels
LIFT and the CAR FLIES OVER CAMERA, leaving the furious
spiders below. The car barely avoids the rearing
tarantula, then sails over the trees.




121D EXT. HAGRID'S HUT - NIGHT 121D

As they LAND, Fang bolts free. Harry and Ron exit the
CAR wearily, then watch it turn and RUMBLE BACK INTO THE

FOREST.


(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02 108.




121D CONTINUED: 121D





RON

'Follow the spiders'! Follow the
spiders'! If he ever gets out of
Azkaban, I'll kill Hagrid. I
mean, what was the point of
sending us in there? What have we
found out?

HARRY

We know one thing. Hagrid never
opened the Chamber of Secrets. He
was innocent.




122 OMITTED 122

thru thru

122C 122C





123 INT. HOSPITAL WING - DAY 123

Madam Pomfrey bars the door, frowns at Harry and Ron.

MADAM POMFREY

There's no point in talking to a
petrified person. She won't hear
a word you're saying.
Ron shifts uncomfortably.

RON

We know that, Madam Pomfrey. It's
just, well, you see, we thought,
maybe, we could... be with her for
a bit. She's our... friend, you
see, and... even if she can't hear
us... I mean, it can't hurt, can
it?
A glint of sympathy flickers in Pomfrey's eyes.

MADAM POMFREY

Very well then. But be quick
about it.
As she exits, the boys step to her bed. Absently, Ron
picks up the circular mirror that lies on the nightstand.
Eyes Lockhart's Get Well card.

RON

You don't think Lockhart could be
the heir of Slytherin, do you?
(off Harry's look)
Right. Forget I said it.

(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02 109.




123 CONTINUED: 123




Harry studies Hermione's face.

HARRY

Wish you were here, Hermione. We
need you. Now more than ever...
Just then, the mirror in Ron's hand CATCHES the LATE
AFTERNOON SUNLIGHT and casts a jagged FLAME across
Hermione's hand. Harry watches the light dance over her
fingers... then looks closer. Sees the paper clutched
there.




124 INT. CORRIDOR - DUSK (LATER) 124

Harry and Ron duck into an alcove, take out the CRINKLED
paper, which, we see now, is TORN from a library book.

HARRY

'Of the many fearsome beasts that
roam our land, none is more deadly
than the Basilisk. Capable of
living for hundreds of years,
instant death awaits any who meet
this giant serpent's eye. Spiders
flee before it and only the
crowing of the rooster can kill
it.'
(looking up)
Ron! This is it! The monster in
the Chamber of Secrets is a
Basilisk. That's why I can hear
it speak. It's a snake.

RON

But it kills by looking people in
the eye. Why is it no one's dead?
Harry frowns, contemplating this, then catches he and
Ron's REFLECTION in the window opposite. He mutters

SOFTLY:


HARRY

Because no one did look it in the
eye. Not directly at least...
(in a rush)
Colin saw it through his camera.
Justin -- Justin must've seen the
Basilisk through Nearly Headless
Nick! Nick got the full blast of
it, but he's a ghost -- he
couldn't die again...

(MORE)


(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02 110.




124 CONTINUED: 124





HARRY (CONT'D)

... And Hermione... had the
mirror! I bet you anything she
was using it to look round
corners, in case it came along.

RON

And Mrs. Norris? I'm pretty sure
she didn't have a camera or a
mirror, Harry.

HARRY

The water... there was water on
the floor that night. She only
saw the Basilisk's reflection...
(scanning the
page again)
The crowing of the rooster is
fatal to it! That's why Hagrid's
roosters were killed! Spiders
flee before it! It all fits!

RON

But how's the Basilisk been
getting around? A dirty great
snake. Someone would have seen...

HARRY

Hermione answered that too.
Harry points. Scribbled, in Hermione's hand, is:
"Pipes."

RON

(aghast)
Pipes...? It's using the
plumbing.

HARRY

Remember what Aragog said? About
that girl fifty years ago? She
died in a bathroom. What if she
never left.

RON

Moaning Myrtle!
Harry nods. Just then, McGonagall's VOICE ECHOES
throughout the castle, magically magnified.

(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02 111.




124 CONTINUED: (2) 124




PROFESSOR McGONAGALL (V.O.)
All students are to return to
their house dormitories at once.
All teachers to the second floor
corridor. Immediately.




125 INT. SECOND FLOOR - CORRIDOR - DUSK (MOMENTS LATER) 125

McGonagall stands before the desecrated wall, surrounded
by the rest of the staff. Harry and Ron creep up the
stairwell.
PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
As you can see, the Heir of
Slytherin has left another
message. Our worst fear has been
realized. A student has been
taken by the monster. Into the
Chamber itself.
(as the teachers
react)
I'm afraid we shall have to send
the students home. I'm afraid...
this is the end of Hogwarts.

GILDEROY LOCKHART

(bursting in cheerily)
So sorry. Dozed off. What have I
missed?

SNAPE

Just the man. A girl has been
snatched by the monster, Lockhart.
Your moment has come at last.

GILDEROY LOCKHART

My m-moment?

SNAPE

Weren't you saying just last night
that you've known all along where
the entrance to the Chamber of
Secrets is?

GILDEROY LOCKHART

D-did I? I don't recall...
PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
That settles it. We'll leave it
to you to deal with the monster,
Gilderoy. Your skills, after all,
are legend.

(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02 112.




125 CONTINUED: 125





GILDEROY LOCKHART

V-very well. I'll -- I'll be in
my office, getting -- getting
ready.



PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
The rest of us should go and
inform the students what has
happened.

PROFESSOR SPROUT

Who is it the monster's taken,
Minerva?
PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
Ginny Weasley.
Ron's knees give way. As Harry catches him, the staff
scatters, revealing what is written on the wall:
Her skeleton will lie in the Chamber forever.




126 INT. CORRIDOR - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER) 126

Harry and a very upset Ron walk with desperate purpose.

RON

She knew something, Harry. She'd
found out something about the
Chamber of Secrets. That's why
she was taken. I mean, she was --
is -- a pure-blood. There can't
be any other reason.

HARRY

(pulling him away)
C'mon. Let's go see Lockhart. He
may be a brainless git, but he's
going to try and get into the
Chamber. We can tell him what we
know...

RON

Harry. D'you think there's any
chance at all she's not, you
know --
Harry glances over, studies Ron's tortured eyes.

HARRY

We'll find her, Ron. Ginny's
going to be fine.

(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02 113/114.




126 CONTINUED: 126




Ron nods, smiles shakily, and looks away. As he does,
Harry's face changes, looks troubled.
Even he doesn't believe what he's just said.







127 OMITTED 127





128 INT. GILDEROY LOCKHART'S OFFICE - NIGHT 128

Harry and Ron DASH inside.

HARRY

Professor, we've got some
information for you --
Harry and Ron stop dead. Lockhart's office is stripped
to the shelves. Two LARGE TRUNKS stand open.

HARRY

Are you going somewhere?

GILDEROY LOCKHART

Um, well, yes. Urgent call.
Unavoidable. Got to go...

RON

What about my sister?

GILDEROY LOCKHART

Well, as to that -- most
unfortunate. No one regrets more
than I --

RON

You're the Defense Against the
Dark Arts teacher! You can't go
now!

GILDEROY LOCKHART

I must say, when I took the job,
nothing in the job description --

(CONTINUED)





115.





128 CONTINUED: 128





HARRY

You're running away? After all
that stuff you did in your books?




GILDEROY LOCKHART

Books can be misleading.

HARRY

You wrote them!

GILDEROY LOCKHART

My dear boy, do use your common
sense. My books wouldn't have
sold half as well if people didn't
think I'd done all those things.
No one wants to read about some
ugly old Armenian warlock, even if
he did save a village from
werewolves. He'd look dreadful on
the front cover. No dress sense
at all...

HARRY

You're a fraud! You've just been
taking credit for what a load of
other wizards have done!

GILDEROY LOCKHART

Harry, Harry, Harry. There was
work involved. I had to track
these people down and ask them
exactly how they managed to do
what they did. No, it's not all
book signings and publicity
photos. You want fame, you have
to be prepared for a long, hard
slog.

RON

Is there anything you can do?

GILDEROY LOCKHART

Yes, now that you mention it. I'm
rather gifted with Memory Charms.
Otherwise, you see, all those
wizards would've gone blabbing and
I'd never have sold another book.
I'm afraid I'll have to do the
same to you both, lest you do the
same.
Lockhart lifts his wand, but Harry is quicker.

(CONTINUED)





116.





128 CONTINUED: (2) 128





HARRY

Expelliarmus!
Lockhart BLASTS backwards, toppling into one of the open
trunks, his wand flying across the floor.

HARRY

Looks like those Dueling Lessons
came in handy after all,
Professor.




129 OMITTED 129





130 INT. GIRLS' BATHROOM - NIGHT 130

Lockhart walks ahead of Harry and Ron, their wands
pointed at him. Moaning Myrtle floats above the cistern.

MOANING MYRTLE

Who's there? Oh...
(smiles, flirty)
Hello, Harry. What do you want?

HARRY

To ask you how you died.

MOANING MYRTLE

(flattered)
Oooooh, it was dreadful. It
happened right here. In this very
cubicle. I'd hidden because Olive
Hornby was teasing me about my
glasses. I was crying, and then I
heard somebody come in.

HARRY

Who was it, Myrtle?

MOANING MYRTLE

I don't know! I was distraught!
But they said something funny. A
kind of made-up language. And I
realized it was a boy speaking.
So I unlocked the door, to tell
him to go away, and... I died.

HARRY

Just like that? How?

(CONTINUED)





117.





130 CONTINUED: 130





MOANING MYRTLE

No idea. I just remember seeing a
pair of great big yellow eyes.
Over there...



Myrtle points to the bank of sinks. Harry and Ron hurry
over, examining the pipes below, the tile above, then...
Harry sees it: etched on one of the COPPER TAPS is a

TINY SNAKE.


HARRY

This is it, Ron. This is the
entrance to the Chamber of
Secrets.

RON

Say something, Harry. Say
something in Parseltongue.
Harry stares off self-consciously at the tiny snake.

HARRY

Open up.
Ron shakes his head. Harry's spoken in his regular
voice.

RON

English.
Harry concentrates harder this time, staring so intensely
that the snake almost looks alive. When, finally, he
speaks, it is more like a HISS. Parseltongue. The
circular group of sinks OPEN and a LARGE, OPEN PIPE is
exposed.

GILDEROY LOCKHART

Excellent, Harry. Good work.
Well then. I'll just be going.
There's no need for me...

HARRY

Oh, yes there is. You first.
Harry points his wand at Lockhart, then the opening.

GILDEROY LOCKHART

Now, boys. What good will it do?

RON

A bloody lot of good if it's a
two-hundred-foot drop onto jagged
rocks.

(CONTINUED)





118.





130 CONTINUED: (2) 130




Lockhart steps grimly to the dark, gaping hole. Ron
gives him a shove and he topples headfirst and out of
sight. They wait. Finally...




GILDEROY LOCKHART (O.S.)

It's really quite filthy down
here.

HARRY

All right. Let's go.

MOANING MYRTLE

Oh, Harry... if you die down
there, you're welcome to share my
toilet.

HARRY

Thanks, Myrtle.
Harry turns. Jumps. Seconds later, Ron follows.




131 INT. PIPE - NIGHT 131

Harry and Ron slide wicked fast, in a hair-raising
vertical plummet, catching glimpses of other, smaller
pipes branching off in all directions, twisting and
turning until the pipe levels off, dumps them onto the
damp floor of a stone tunnel.




132 INT. TUNNEL - NIGHT 132

Lockhart stares miserably at the muck dripping from his
robes. Harry takes a TORCH from the wall, poises his
wand.

HARRY

Lumos!
The torch blooms with a BRIGHT ORANGE FLAME.

HARRY

Remember. Any sign of movement,
close your eyes straight away.
Harry leads the way down the tunnel. CRUNCH! They look
down: a rat's skull. All around them, the ground is
littered with TINY SKELETONS. Ron squints, sees
something HUGE and CURVED lying ahead. When he speaks,
his voice is hollow with dread.

(CONTINUED)





119.





132 CONTINUED: 132





RON

What's that? Up ahead?

GILDEROY LOCKHART

That looks like a... snake.
Terrified, Lockhart quickly HIDES HIS EYES.

HARRY

Maybe it's asleep.
Ron draws his wand as they approach, squinting. Harry
shines his light, revealing... a gigantic COIL of EMPTY

SKIN.


RON

Bloody hell. Whatever shed this
must be twenty feet long. Or
more.
THUD! They turn. Lockhart has passed out.

RON

Heart of a lion, this one.
Ron kneels by him, when... Lockhart's eyes open and,
quick as a fox... he snatches Ron's wand and scrambles to
his feet.

GILDEROY LOCKHART

The adventure ends here, boys!
But don't fret. The world will
know our story. How I was too
late to save the girl. How you
two tragically lost your minds at
the sight of her mangled body.
I'll even bind a limited edition
in this snake skin. Say goodbye
to your memories.
(raising Ron's wand)
Obliviate!
Ron's WAND EXPLODES like a small BOMB, BLASTING Lockhart
OFF HIS FEET and SPITTING great JETS of FIRE into the
rock above. As RUBBLE RAINS, Ron LEAPS one way and Harry
the other. Harry sits up, squints through the settling
dust. A SOLID WALL of BROKEN ROCK seals the tunnel
between him and Ron. INTERCUT Harry and Ron.

HARRY

Ron? Are you okay?

(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 2/19/02 120.




132 CONTINUED: (2) 132





RON

I'm okay. This git's not, though.
He got blasted by my wand.



Lockhart sits up, dazed. Ron picks up a rock and CONKS
him on the head. Lockhart PASSES OUT. Ron calls to
Harry.

RON

What now?

HARRY

Wait here. I'll go on. I'll go
on and... find Ginny. If I'm not
back in an hour...
He leaves it there.

RON

I'll try and shift some of this
rock. So you can get back
through. And, Harry --

HARRY

See you in a bit.
Harry glances at the snake skin at his feet, moves off.
He steps carefully through the shadows until he reaches a
TOWERING STONE WALL, carved with TWIN SERPENTS.

HARRY

(Parseltongue)
Open.
The serpents part and the GIANT WALL SLIDES OPEN. Harry
removes his wand and ENTERS.




133 INT. CHAMBER OF SECRETS - NIGHT 133

A vast chamber stretches ahead. Along the path are rows
of STONE SERPENTS. The serpents rest in pools of black
water. Ahead is an enormous STATUE of SALAZAR SLYTHERIN.
Several feet in front of the statue, Ginny Weasley lies
motionless. As Harry dashes and takes her into his arms,
her head lolls to one side, cheeks white as marble. A
pale hand clutches TOM RIDDLE'S DIARY to her chest.
Harry DROPS the torch, RACES to Ginny, places his wand on
the floor and kneels beside her. (BOLD ITALICS INDICATE

POSSIBLE FLASHBACKS.)


HARRY

Ginny! Please don't be dead.
Wake up! Wake up!
Ginny!

(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 2/19/02 121.




133 CONTINUED: 133





TOM RIDDLE

She won't wake.
Harry spins. Tom Riddle stands nearby. He is strangely
BLURRED around the edges, as though Harry was looking at
him through a misted window.

HARRY

Tom... Tom Riddle? What d'you
mean, she won't wake? She's
not...

TOM RIDDLE

She's still alive. But only just.

HARRY

Are you a ghost?

TOM RIDDLE

A memory. Preserved in a diary
for fifty years.
Harry looks to the diary in Ginny's hand, then places his
own hand on Ginny's arm.

HARRY

She's cold as ice. You've got
to help me, Tom. There's a
basilisk --

TOM RIDDLE

It won't come until it's called.
Harry looks up, sees Riddle twirling a wand in his
fingers.

HARRY

Give me my wand, Tom.

TOM RIDDLE

You won't be needing it.

HARRY

Listen, we've got to go! We've
got to save her!

TOM RIDDLE

I'm afraid I can't do that, Harry.
You see, as poor Ginny grows
weaker... I grow stronger.

HARRY

But she's dying!

(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 2/19/02 122.




133 CONTINUED: (2) 133





TOM RIDDLE

Yes. I'm afraid so. But then,
she's been in so much pain, poor
Ginny. She's been writing to me
for months, telling me all her
pitiful worries and woes. Ginny
poured her soul out to me. I grew
stronger on a diet of her deepest
fears, her darkest secrets. I
grew powerful enough to start
feeding Ginny a few secrets, to
start pouring a bit of my soul
back into her...
Riddle, growing less vaporous by the second, grins
cruelly.

TOM RIDDLE

Yes, Harry, it was Ginny Weasley
who opened the Chamber of Secrets.

HARRY

No... she couldn't -- she
wouldn't.

TOM RIDDLE

It was Ginny who set the Basilisk
on the Mudbloods and the Squib's
cat. Ginny who wrote threatening
messages on the walls.

HARRY

But... Why?...

TOM RIDDLE

Because I told her to. You'll
find that I can be very
persuasive. Not that she knew
what she was doing. She was,
shall we say, in a kind of trance.
Still, the power of the diary
began to scare her and she tried
to dispose of it in the girls'
bathroom. But then, who should
find it... but you. The very
person I was most anxious to meet.

HARRY

(getting angry)
And why did you want to meet me?

(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 2/19/02 123.




133 CONTINUED: (3) 133





TOM RIDDLE

Ginny told me all about you. I
knew I had to talk to you, meet
you if I could. So I decided to
show you my capture of that
brainless oaf, Hagrid, to gain
your trust.

HARRY

Hagrid's my friend. And you
framed him, didn't you?

TOM RIDDLE

It was my word against Hagrid's.
Only Dumbledore seemed to think
Hagrid was innocent.

HARRY

I'll bet Dumbledore saw right
through you.

TOM RIDDLE

I knew it wouldn't be safe to open
the Chamber again while I was
still at school. So I decided to
leave behind a diary, preserving
my sixteen-year-old self in its
pages, so that one day... I would
be able to lead another to finish
Salazar Slytherin's noble work.

HARRY

Well, you haven't finished it this
time. In a few hours Mandrake
Draught will be ready and everyone
who was petrified will be all
right again.

TOM RIDDLE

Haven't I told you, that killing
Mudbloods doesn't matter to me
anymore? For many months now, my
new target has been... you.
(grinning)
Imagine my disappointment when I
learned Ginny had stolen the diary
back from you.

HARRY

Ginny stole the diary from my
room? But why?

(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 2/19/02 124.




133 CONTINUED: (4) 133





TOM RIDDLE

She was afraid. Afraid you'd
learn how to work the diary.
Afraid I'd tell you just who it
was that had been strangling all
those roosters.
Horrified, Harry glances at Ginny, growing more PALE,
then back to Riddle, who is growing more SOLID.

TOM RIDDLE

Come now, Harry. Don't look so
disappointed. Had Ginny succeeded
in destroying the diary, she would
have destroyed me. And we
couldn't be having this little
talk. And I have so many
questions for you.

HARRY

Like what?

TOM RIDDLE

Well, how is it that a baby with
no extraordinary magical talent
managed to defeat the greatest
wizard of all time? How did you
escape with nothing but a scar,
while Lord Voldemort's powers were
destroyed?

HARRY

Why do you care how I escaped?
Voldemort was after your time.

TOM RIDDLE

Voldemort is my past, present and
future.
Riddle pulls Harry's wand from his pocket and begins to
trace it through the air, writing three words: "TOM
MARVOLO RIDDLE." Then, with a wave, he re-arranges them:

"I AM LORD VOLDEMORT."


HARRY

You. You're the heir of
Slytherin. You're Voldemort?

TOM RIDDLE

Surely you didn't think I would
keep my filthy Muggle father's
name?

(MORE)


(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 2/19/02 125.




133 CONTINUED: (5) 133





TOM RIDDLE (CONT'D)

No, I fashioned myself a new name,
a name I knew wizards everywhere
would one day fear to speak, when
I became the greatest sorcerer in
the world.

HARRY

Albus Dumbledore is the greatest
sorcerer in the world!

TOM RIDDLE

Dumbledore's been driven out of
this castle by the mere memory of
me.

HARRY

He'll never be gone! Not as long
as those who remain are loyal to
him!
Suddenly, MUSIC... EERIE and UNEARTHLY... ECHOES deep
within the chamber and a small, swift SHADOW ribbons over
the rock. Flying from above is FAWKES, the Phoenix. The
bird SWOOPS into the chamber, clutching a RAGGED BUNDLE
in its golden talons.

HARRY

Fawkes.
Fawkes flies toward Harry, drops the ragged bundle, which
is the SORTING HAT, at his feet. Riddle picks it up.

TOM RIDDLE

(giggling)
This is what Dumbledore sends his
defender! A songbird and an old
hat!
Riddle tosses aside the hat. He turns to the statue of
Salazar Slytherin and speaks in Parseltongue.

TOM RIDDLE

(Parseltongue)
Speak to me, Slytherin.
Suddenly, the stone face's MOUTH OPENS. There is a
RUMBLING SOUND, followed by the sound of SLITHERING.
Harry turns away. The Basilisk, A GIANT SERPENT, spills
out, uncoiling heavily to the floor. Harry turns to the
wall. The shadow of the serpent is visible on the wall.
PAN TO Tom Riddle, looking at Harry.

(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 2/21/02 126.




133 CONTINUED: (6) 133





TOM RIDDLE

Let's match the powers of Lord
Voldemort, Heir of Salazar
Slytherin, against the famous
Harry Potter, shall we?
Riddle turns, to serpent, speaking in Parseltongue.

TOM RIDDLE

(Parseltongue)
Kill him!
The HISSING SERPENT shoots forward. Harry turns, RUNS away.

TOM RIDDLE

Parseltongue won't save you now,
Potter. The Basilisk only obeys me.

HARRY

(to himself)
Don't look. Don't look into its
eyes.
Harry RACES along the stone path, but the giant serpent
is FASTER. Harry TRIPS. FALLS. The Basilisk RISES.
Harry looks to the wall, sees the serpent about to strike.
Suddenly FAWKES SCREECHES, soaring toward the Basilisk
and circling its blunt head, confusing it. The SNAKE
SNAPS furiously, when... Fawkes drops like a knife,
driving its talons deep into the serpent's glittering
eyes.
As Harry watches the angry play of shadows on the wall,
the BASILISK ROARS, HISSING in pain. Fawkes wings away,
its talons dripping with blood and Harry turns, LOOKS:
the Basilisk's eyes are a blind, bloody mess.

TOM RIDDLE

Fool! Think you're safe! It can
still hear you!
As Harry flees, the serpent thunders after, STRIKING
BLINDLY as its whipping tail SHATTERS a Slytherin STATUE.
Harry dodges and ducks, then, seeing the snake about to
strike again... LEAPS CLEAR, stumbling toward a SIDE

TUNNEL.





133A INT. CHAMBER OF SECRETS - SIDE TUNNEL - NIGHT 133A

Harry RACES HEADLONG into the shadows, then looks back,
sees the snake eclipse the light at the far end of the
tunnel and SLITHER QUICKLY inside.

(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 2/19/02 126A.




133A CONTINUED: 133A




Thinking, Harry DUCKS INTO AN ALCOVE, puts his hand over
his mouth and waits, desperate to remain STILL and
SILENT. The snake slides heavily by, then... SLOWS.

TURNS BACK.




The snake's head weaves inside, only INCHES from Harry's
face. Harry trembles as the snake's head cocks to the
side, then... finally... WITHDRAWS.




133B INT. CHAMBER OF SECRETS - NIGHT 133B

Harry DASHES back into the main chamber. Ginny looks
frighteningly pale. Riddle GRINS cruelly, almost SOLID
now.

(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 3/1/02 127.




133B CONTINUED: 133B





TOM RIDDLE

Yes, Potter. The process is
nearly complete. In a few
minutes, Ginny Weasley will be
dead. And I will cease to be a
memory. Lord Voldemort will
return. Very much... alive.
Harry moves toward Ginny, then suddenly... the BASILISK
SHOOTS OUT of the TUNNEL, HISSING directly in front of
Harry. Trapped, Harry glances around, then --
impulsively -- LEAPS upward, begins to scale the statue
of Salazar Slytherin. The serpent strikes madly, but
Harry continues on, CLIMBING BOLDLY until he reaches the
top. He turns. Sees the Sorting Hat. Sees what
glitters within: the RUBY HANDLE of a SWORD.
Harry WHEELS, sword in hand, and fends off the slashing
serpent like St. George and the dragon. In a mad rush of
courage, he PITCHES HIMSELF onto the serpent, SLIDES DOWN
its back and rolls up, SWORD RAISED. Too tired to flee,
Harry simply waits. The serpent rises and, FANGS

BARED... STRIKES.

Marshalling every ounce of strength left to him, Harry
drives the sword upward, deep into the roof of the
SERPENT'S mouth. It HISSES in PAIN, thrashing MADLY as
it drives a FANG into Harry's arm. Harry clutches his
arm in agony, stumbles back and falls to the floor,
watching as the serpent THRASHES briefly... then goes

STILL.

Harry peers down, sees the FANG that pierces his arm, the
blood soaking slowly into his robe. As he yanks the fang
free, Riddle steps forward, almost fully whole now. His
eyes shine at the sight of Harry's wound.

TOM RIDDLE

Remarkable, isn't it? How quickly
the venom of the Basilisk
penetrates the body? If you have
any final words, Potter, you'd
best speak them now. I'd guess
you have little more than a minute
to live.
Harry blinks heavily, watching as the skin of his forearm
turns a troubling gray.

(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 3/1/02 127A.




133B CONTINUED: (1A) 133B





TOM RIDDLE

So ends the famous Harry Potter.
On his knees in the Chamber of
Secrets. Defeated at last by the
Dark Lord he so unwisely
challenged. You'll be back with
your dear Mudblood mother soon,
Harry...
As Riddle talks, Harry glances at Ginny, nearly white
now, a small ghost, the only evidence of life the
TREMBLING OF A SINGLE FINGER. Harry studies the finger
and what lies beneath it: Tom Riddle's diary. Harry
begins to crawl toward her.

(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 4/16/02 128.




133B CONTINUED: (2) 133B





TOM RIDDLE

Funny, isn't it? The damage a
silly little book can do?
Especially in the hands of a silly
little girl.
As Harry reaches Ginny, he places his hand on hers,
then... slips the diary free.

TOM RIDDLE

What are you doing? No. Stop...
Riddle's face creases in fear. He LUNGES FORWARD. But
Harry is too quick. Raising his hand high... he PLUNGES
THE FANG into the book. Instantly, BLACK INK SPURTS from
the pages.

TOM RIDDLE

No!
Riddle SHRIEKS, writhing in pain. His body begins to
wither instantly, growing BLURRY once more. As the ink
runs off Harry's fingers to the floor, Riddle VANISHES
altogether. Harry sinks back, then... hears a FAINT
MOAN. Ginny STIRS, color blooming in her cheeks. As she
sees Harry, she SOBS.

GINNY

Harry. It was me! But I swear, I
didn't mean to... Riddle made me.
He wrote to me... took me over...
I didn't even know whose diary it
was. I found it inside my
cauldron. The day we all went to
Diagon Alley and... Harry. You're
hurt...

HARRY

Ginny. You need to get yourself
out... Follow the chamber...
You'll find Ron...
There is a RUSH OF WINGS and Fawkes circles down, lays
his head onto Harry's arm.

HARRY

You were brilliant, Fawkes. I
just... wasn't quick enough.
Then Harry blinks, looks down. Thick pearly TEARS are
trickling down Fawkes' face and onto his arm. Almost
instantly, his wound... begins to heal itself.

(CONTINUED)





129.





133B CONTINUED: (3) 133B





HARRY

Of course. Dumbledore told me.
Phoenix tears have healing powers.
(looking up at Ginny)
It's all right, Ginny. It's over.
It's just a memory...




134 INT. TUNNEL - NIGHT (LATER) 134

With Fawkes gliding gracefully ahead of them, Harry and
Ginny make their way back. Up ahead, SHIFTING ROCK can
be heard and a jagged fissure of LIGHT GLIMMERS. Ron's
face appears.

RON

Ginny!
Ron wriggles through, rushes forward and hugs Ginny.

RON

You're alive. I can't believe it.

GINNY

I'm going to be expelled, I just
know it!

RON

(to Harry)
Remind you of anyone?

HARRY

Where's Lockhart?
Harry eyes Lockhart, sitting by himself, HUMMING
placidly.

RON

His Memory Charm backfired.
Hasn't got a clue who he is. I
keep having to stop him wandering
off. He's a danger to himself.

GILDEROY LOCKHART

Hello. Odd sort of place, this,
isn't it? Do you live here?

RON

No.
Ron turns, raises his eyebrows at Harry. Harry looks
upward. There is an opening, hundreds of feet up. Just
then, Fawkes circles back, fluttering in front of Harry.

(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 4/16/02 130.




134 CONTINUED: 134





RON

What's with the bird?

HARRY

I think... I think he's telling me
he can take us out of here.




134A INT. ROCKY TUNNEL - NIGHT (LATER) 134A

A CURIOUS, GLIDING SHADOW RIPPLES across the cavernous
wall, and then Harry, Ron, Ginny and Lockhart soar out of
the darkness, linked hand in hand. Fawkes is flying them
home.

GILDEROY LOCKHART

Amazing! This is just like magic!




134B OMITTED 134B





135 INT. DUMBLEDORE'S OFFICE - DAY 135

Harry and Ron, covered in muck and slime -- stand in
Dumbledore's office. Fawkes perches on a pedestal behind
Dumbledore, who sits at his desk, examining the charred
diary. He looks up, regarding Harry and Ron gravely.

DUMBLEDORE

Ingenious. Simply... ingenious.
(looking up)
Of course, Tom Riddle was probably
the most brilliant student
Hogwarts has ever seen. I taught
him myself fifty years ago. After
he left, I would occasionally hear
stories of his activities -- dark
rumors -- but after awhile, even
the rumors stopped. When he
finally resurfaced as Lord
Voldemort, most people had
completely forgotten the clever
Head Boy he'd once been.

GINNY

I didn't know whose diary it was,
sir. I swear. I found it inside
my cauldron.
(to the others)
The day we all went to Diagon
Alley.

(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 4/17/02 131.




135 CONTINUED: 135




Hearing this, Harry frowns in thought, recollecting...

GINNY

But I understand if... given all
the trouble I've caused... if
you --

DUMBLEDORE

Wiser wizards than you have been
hoodwinked by Lord Voldemort, Miss
Weasley. No, I think you've
endured enough. I would suggest a
bit of bed rest, however. And
perhaps a large mug of hot
chocolate. I always find that
cheers me up. Minerva, will you
show Arthur and Molly up to the
hospital wing?
PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
Certainly, Albus.
As they exit, Harry and Ron watch them go. Mrs.
Weasley's VOICE carries:

MRS. WEASLEY

A diary that writes back to you!
Honestly, Ginny! What were you
thinking? Haven't I always told
you? Never trust anything that
can think for itself if you can't
see where it keeps its brain!
Harry and Ron turn back. See Dumbledore regarding them
gravely.

DUMBLEDORE

You two realize, of course, that
in the last few hours, you have
broken perhaps a dozen school
rules?

HARRY/RON

Yes, sir.

DUMBLEDORE

And that there is sufficient
evidence to expel you both?

HARRY/RON

Yes, sir.

(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 4/17/02 131A.




135 CONTINUED: (1A) 135





DUMBLEDORE

Therefore, it seems only
fitting...
(eyes twinkling)
That you both receive Special
Awards for Services to the School.
And -- let me see -- yes, I think
two hundred points apiece, which,
I believe, should be more than
enough to secure Gryffindor the
House Cup.

(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 4/16/02 132.




135 CONTINUED: (2) 135





HARRY/RON

(grinning)
Thank you, sir.




DUMBLEDORE

Now, Mr. Weasley, if you would,
have an owl deliver these release
papers to Azkaban. We need our
gamekeeper back.
Ron nods, takes the envelope and exits.

DUMBLEDORE

First, Harry, I want to thank you.
You must have shown me real
loyalty down in the Chamber.
Nothing but that could have called
Fawkes to you. Secondly, I sense
you're troubled by something. Am
I right?

HARRY

It's just, you see, sir, I
couldn't help noticing certain
things. Certain similarities.
Between Tom Riddle and me.

(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 3/1/02 133.




135 CONTINUED: (3) 135





DUMBLEDORE

You can speak Parseltongue, Harry,
because Lord Voldemort can speak
Parseltongue. Unless I'm much
mistaken, he transformed some of
his own powers to you the night he
gave you that scar.

HARRY

Voldemort put a bit of himself in
me?

DUMBLEDORE

Not intentionally, but... yes.

HARRY

So the Sorting Hat was right. I
should be a Slytherin.

DUMBLEDORE

It's true, Harry. You do possess
many of the qualities Voldemort
himself prizes. Resourcefulness.
Determination. A certain
disregard for the rules. Yet the
Sorting Hat placed you in
Gryffindor.

HARRY

Only because I asked it to.

DUMBLEDORE

Exactly. Which makes you very
different from Voldemort. It's
not our abilities that show what
we truly are, Harry. It's our
choices.
(smiling at him)
If you want proof that you belong
in Gryffindor, Harry, I suggest
you look more closely at this.
Dumbledore hands the bloodstained sword to Harry. An
ENGRAVED NAME glimmers above the ruby-encrusted hilt.

HARRY

'Godric Gryffindor.'

DUMBLEDORE

Only a true Gryffindor could have
pulled that out of the Hat.



THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 3/1/02 134.




135 CONTINUED: (4) 135




Suddenly, Lucius Malfoy enters, dragging... Dobby by the
ear.

HARRY

Dobby! This is your Master? The
family you serve is the Malfoys!
Dobby nods, chagrined. Lucius Malfoy brushes past Harry.

LUCIUS MALFOY

Out of my way, Potter.
(to Dumbledore)
So! You've returned!

DUMBLEDORE

Yes. When the governors heard
that Arthur Weasley's daughter had
been taken into the Chamber, they
saw fit to summon me back.
(a wry smile)
Curiously, several of them seemed
under the impression that you
would curse their families if they
didn't agree to suspend me in the
first place, Lucius.

LUCIUS MALFOY

From the beginning, my only
concern has been the welfare of
this school and its students.
I assume the culprit has been
identified.

DUMBLEDORE

Oh yes. It was Voldemort. Only
this time, he chose to act through
someone else. By means of...
this.
As Dumbledore nudges the diary toward Lucius Malfoy,
Harry sees Dobby nod meaningfully from the diary to
Lucius.

DUMBLEDORE

Fortunately, our young Mr. Potter
discovered it.
(a chill to his voice)
One only hopes that no more of
Lord Voldemort's old school things
find their way into innocent
hands. The consequences for the
one responsible could be...
severe.

(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 3/1/02 135.




135 CONTINUED: (5) 135




Lucius Malfoy stares icily at Dumbledore, then turns
away.

LUCIUS MALFOY

Come, Dobby. We're leaving.
As Dobby scuttles toward the door, Lucius Malfoy KICKS
HIM through it, then exits himself. Harry stares at the
empty doorway as DOBBY'S PAINFUL SQUEALS ECHO from the
corridor.

HARRY

Sir? I wonder if I could have
that.
Dumbledore looks up, follows Harry's eyes to the diary.




135A EXT. DUMBLEDORE'S OFFICE - DAY (MOMENTS LATER) 135A

As the elevator opens, Harry dashes out.

HARRY

Mr. Malfoy! I have something of
yours.
Harry comes up running, thrusts the diary into Malfoy's
hand.

LUCIUS MALFOY

Mine? I don't know what you're
talking about.

HARRY

I think you do, sir. I think you
slipped it into Ginny Weasley's
cauldron that day in Diagon Alley.
Malfoy shoves the diary into Dobby's face, then leans
close to Harry and, with a nasty grin, WHISPERS:

LUCIUS MALFOY

Prove it!
He turns away. As Dobby looks sadly back, clutching the
diary in his hand, Harry mouths the words: Open it.
Dobby looks down curiously. Inside... is a SOCK. He

GASPS.


LUCIOUS MALFOY

Dobby!
Dobby, come!

(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 4/3/02 136.




135A CONTINUED: 135A





DOBBY

(in wonderment)
Master has given Dobby a sock.
Master has presented Dobby with
clothes. Dobby is... free!

LUCIUS MALFOY

What? I didn't --
He wheels, sees Harry standing with one leg crossed: His
right ankle is bare. Instantly, Malfoy charges forth.

LUCIUS MALFOY

You've lost me my servant!

DOBBY

You shall not harm Harry Potter!
Dobby steps between and -- BANG! Malfoy flies backwards,
lands in a crumpled heap. Rising, he stares murderously
at Harry.

LUCIUS MALFOY

Mark my words, Harry Potter.
You'll meet the same sticky end as
your parents one of these days.
They were meddlesome fools too.
With that, he turns, storms off.

DOBBY

Harry Potter freed Dobby! How can
Dobby ever repay him?

HARRY

Just promise me something.

DOBBY

Anything, sir.

HARRY

Never try to save my life again.
Dobby grins then and -- CRACK! -- is gone.

136 OMITTED 136





137 INT. GREAT HALL - NIGHT 137

Fear and suspicion banished, the House tables abuzz with
excitement and anticipation... all except the Slytherins,
who do not share the general feeling.

(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 4/3/02 137.




137 CONTINUED: 137




Seated at the tables, are the formerly petrified, revived
students. Justin Finch-Fletchley joins his fellow
Hufflepuffs. Colin Creevey SNAPS photos of the
proceedings.



At the rear of the hall, standing near the entrance,
Filch is reunited with Mrs. Norris. Then... Hermione
enters, searching the room for Harry and Ron. Finally,
she sees them. Smiles. Runs forward and embraces Harry.

HERMIONE

You solved it! You solved it!

HARRY

With loads of help from you.
She turns to embrace Ron. They pause, an awkward moment
between them and... shake hands instead.

RON

Welcome back, Hermione.
McGonagall taps her goblet. Dumbledore stands.

DUMBLEDORE

Before we begin our feast, let's
give a round of applause to
Professor Sprout and Madame
Pomfrey, whose Mandrake Juice has
been successfully administered to
all those who had been petrified.
Everyone applauds.

DUMBLEDORE

Also, in the wake of recent
events, as a school treat, all
exams have been cancelled.
Everyone cheers, save for Hermione.

HERMIONE

Oh, no!
At the rear of the Hall, the great doors OPEN. It's
Hagrid. He enters. Stops. Looks around. The room
falls SILENT. All eyes upon him. He glances around.
Nervous. Embarrassed.

HAGRID

Sorry I'm late. The owl deliverin'
my release papers got all lost 'n
confused. Some ruddy bird named
Errol.

(CONTINUED)




THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 4/3/02 138.




137 CONTINUED: (2) 137




Ron exchanges a nervous glance with Dumbledore. Hagrid
looks at all of the faces staring at him. He turns to
Harry.




HAGRID

I jus' want to say... that if it
wasn't fer' you, Harry... you an'
Ron... and Hermione... Well, I
jus' want to say... Thanks.

HARRY

There's no Hogwarts without you,
Hagrid.
Just then... Dumbledore gets to his feet and... slowly...
brings his hands together. The others join him. Soon,
everyone is on their feet and the Hall ROARING. As the
students surround Hagrid, he blinks, wipes at his eyes,
and...
CAMERA PULLS BACK, THROUGH the window, leaving the
celebration. WE CONTINUE TO CRANE BACK... BACK... TO a
WIDE SHOT OF HOGWARTS... glittering gloriously in the
night.




FADE TO BLACK.











THE END


___EOF___


HARRY POTTER
AND THE
PRISONER OF AZKABAN
by
Steve Kloves
Based on the book by
J.K. Rowling
FULL TAN DRAFT
February 24, 2003
FADE IN:
1 EXT. NUMBER FOUR PRIVET DRIVE - MIDDLE OF THE NIGHT 1
The street slumbers, adrift in shadow. Then... a curious
BEAM OF LIGHT BOBS beyond the second-story window of
Number Four.
2 INT. HARRY’S ROOM - SAME TIME - MIDDLE OF THE NIGHT 2
A tent of blankets. Within... the SHADOW of a BOY. A
WHISPER:
HARRY
Lumos Maxima...
The tent BLOOMS SOFTLY with light -- briefly illuminating
a bedside PHOTOGRAPH (of James & Lily Potter) -- then
goes dark.
HARRY
Lumos Maxima...
The blankets bloom once again when, down the hall, a
TOILET FLUSHES. Instantly, the SHADOW stiffens, the
blankets DIM, and the tent flattens. Just as...
... the bedroom door OPENS, revealing... UNCLE VERNON.
He peers inside, eyes flashing suspiciously, then...
withdraws.
The tent rises.
HARRY
Lumos Maxima...
As the blankets blaze, we CUT INSIDE, find a SKINNY BOY
with a crow's nest of black hair, thick glasses sitting
crookedly atop his nose: HARRY POTTER. Open before him
is Violeta Stitch's Extreme Incantations. Once again, he
speaks:
HARRY
Lumos... MAXIMA!
2A EXT. NUMBER FOUR PRIVET DRIVE - SAME TIME - NIGHT 2A
A BLINDING BLAST OF LIGHT FLASHES from the second story
window of Number Four. DOGS BARK. And a TITLE CARD
appears:
HARRY POTTER
and the
Prisoner of Azkaban
3.
2B INT. HARRY’S ROOM - SAME TIME - NIGHT 2B
The light in the hallway SNAPS on, Harry's tent droops
once more and, seconds later, Harry's door eases open.
Uncle Vernon peers in and switches on the light. The
room is utterly SILENT. Slowly, he closes the door.
3 OMITTED 3
thru thru
5 5
6 INT. FOUR PRIVET DRIVE - STAIRWAY/FRONT HALL - DAY 6
The DOORBELL CHIMES and a shrill VOICE THUNDERS:
AUNT PETUNIA (O.S.)
Harry!
Harry!
Harry bounds down the stairs and into the front hall,
where his AUNT PETUNIA and cousin DUDLEY stand stiffly.
Petunia flicks a bit of fluff from Dudley's sweater,
glowers crossly at Harry, and jerks her head toward the
door.
AUNT PETUNIA
Well, go on. Open it.
Harry reaches for the knob when -- BLAM! -- it BURSTS
OPEN, revealing a LARGE, WADDLING WOMAN (AUNT MARGE) and
a LARGE WADDLING BULLDOG (RIPPER). Uncle Vernon lurches
forward out of the teeming RAIN, an ENORMOUS SUITCASE in
hand, and drops it on Harry.
AUNT PETUNIA
Marge! Welcome! How was the
train?
AUNT MARGE
Wretched. Ripper got sick.
AUNT PETUNIA
Ah. How... unfortunate.
AUNT MARGE
I would've left him with the
others, but he pines so when I'm
away. Don't you, darling?
Aunt Marge puckers her lips at Ripper and leads him down
the hallway. Harry follows with Uncle Vernon.
(CONTINUED)
4.
6 CONTINUED: 6
HARRY
Uncle Vernon. I need you to sign
this form.
UNCLE VERNON
What is it?
HARRY
Nothing. Something for school...
Uncle Vernon eyes the PARCHMENT in Harry's hand
suspiciously.
UNCLE VERNON
Later perhaps. If you behave.
HARRY
I will if she does.
AUNT MARGE
(turning, eyeing Harry)
So. Still here, are you?
HARRY
Yes.
AUNT MARGE
Don't say 'yes' in that ungrateful
tone. Damn good of my brother to
keep you, if you ask me.
(to Vernon, Petunia)
It'd have been straight to an
orphanage if he'd been dumped on
my doorstep.
Just then Dudley -- sitting comatose before the TV --
emits a HOLLOW, BRAIN-DEAD CHUCKLE.
AUNT MARGE
Is that my Dudders! Hm? Is that
my neffy poo? Come and say hello
to your Auntie Marge.
Marge flashes a thick FAN of POUND NOTES. Dudley blinks,
waddles forward, and extends his plump palm obediently.
Harry looks on, then sees Ripper snuffling about his
ankle.
7 INT. FOUR PRIVET DRIVE - DINING ROOM - DUSK 7
As Harry clears the dishes, Uncle Vernon brings out a
bottle of brandy.
(CONTINUED)
5.
7 CONTINUED: 7
UNCLE VERNON
Can I tempt you, Marge?
AUNT MARGE
Just a small one. A bit more... a
bit more... That's the boy.
(taking a
sloppy sip)
Aah. Excellent nosh, Petunia.
It's normally just a fry-up for
me, what with twelve dogs.
She smacks her lips, lowers her brandy, and lets Ripper
take a slobbery lap out of the glass... then catches
Harry looking.
AUNT MARGE
What are you smirking at! Where
is it that you send him, Vernon?
UNCLE VERNON
St. Brutus's. It's a first-rate
institution for hopeless cases.
Hearing this, Harry frowns, glances at Uncle Vernon, who
glares darkly at him.
AUNT MARGE
I see. And do they use the cane
at St. Brutus's, boy?
HARRY
(sarcastically)
Oh, yes. I've been beaten loads
of times.
AUNT MARGE
Excellent. I won't have this
namby-pamby wishy-washy nonsense
about not hitting people who
deserve it.
(another sip)
Still. Mustn't blame yourself for
how this one's turned out, Vernon.
It all comes down to blood. Bad
blood will out. What is it the
boy's father did, Petunia?
AUNT PETUNIA
(agitated)
Nothing. That is... he didn't
work. He was -- unemployed.
(CONTINUED)
6.
7 CONTINUED: (2) 7
AUNT MARGE
Of course. And a drunk,
I expect --
HARRY
That's a lie.
Aunt Marge pauses on her wine, eyes narrowing on Harry.
AUNT MARGE
What did you say?
HARRY
My dad wasn't a drunk.
POP! The GLASS in Aunt Marge's hand EXPLODES.
AUNT PETUNIA
Oh my goodness! Marge!
AUNT MARGE
Not to worry, Petunia. I have a
very firm grip.
Harry stares at the shattered glass in surprise.
UNCLE VERNON
You go to bed. Now.
AUNT MARGE
Quiet, Vernon. It doesn't matter
about the father. In the end it
comes down to the mother. You see
it all the time with dogs. If
there's something wrong with the
bitch, there'll be something wrong
with the pup...
HARRY
Shut up! Shut up!
Aunt Marge starts to reply, when -- ZING! -- a BUTTON on
her dress sails into the air. SEAMS GROAN. THREAD
SNAPS. Aunt Marge's eyes WIDEN. Her cheeks BILLOW. Her
whole body BILLOWS. And she begins to INFLATE like a
MONSTROUS BALLOON.
UNCLE VERNON
MARGE!
As she rises, Uncle Vernon leaps for her. RIPPER GROWLS,
fixes his teeth to his trousers. Harry frightened by
what he's done, watches Aunt Marge BOUNCE GENTLY across
the ceiling and into the CONSERVATORY.
7.
7A EXT. BACK YARD - CONTINUOUS ACTION - DUSK 7A
The others race outside. As Aunt Marge begins to float
away, Uncle Vernon grips her hands.
UNCLE VERNON
Don't worry! I've got you...
Slowly... to his horror... Uncle Vernon himself begins to
RISE. Aunt Marge looks fearfully into his eyes...
AUNT MARGE
Vernon. Don't you dare --
But he does. He lets go. Falls to his knees. And
watches Aunt Marge float away.
8 INT. HARRY’S ROOM - DUSK (SECONDS LATER) 8
Harry crashes inside, takes his TRUNK, then puts his heel
to a LOOSE FLOORBOARD and removes his WAND from its
hiding place. Turning, he grabs the PHOTOGRAPH of his
parents.
9 INT. HALLWAY - DUSK (SECONDS LATER) 9
BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! Harry tows the TRUNK down the
stairs... finds Uncle Vernon waiting for him.
UNCLE VERNON
YOU BRING HER BACK! YOU BRING HER
BACK AND PUT HER RIGHT!
HARRY
No! She deserved what she got!
And you... you keep away from me.
Uncle Vernon eyes Harry's wand nervously, then grins with
knowing cruelty.
UNCLE VERNON
You're not allowed to do magic out
of school. They won't have you
now. You've got nowhere to go.
Harry realizes it's true. Briefly falters. Then:
HARRY
Anywhere's better than here.
9A EXT. NUMBER FOUR PRIVET DRIVE - DUSK (SECONDS LATER) 9A
As Harry storms out with his trunk, we DOLLY TO the
street WITH him. High in the sky, a plump DOT rises.
Aunt Marge.
8.
10 EXT. MAGNOLIA CRESCENT - NIGHT (LATER) 10
Harry walks and walks and walks, then... stops. Glances
about. An empty PLAYGROUND. SWINGS CREAKING gently on
rusted chains. A tiny CAROUSEL, kissed gently by the
wind, turning slowly.
Harry drops the trunk. Sits. Deep in the night, an
ALARM SHRIEKS, goes SILENT. Harry, still as a statue.
Listening. In the trees above, LEAVES TREMBLE. The WIND
gathers.
Harry turns, studies the swaying swings, the carousel.
Then, he... stiffens. Turns back. Sensing something in
the shadows across the street, he rises. Slowly draws
his wand.
Then he sees... it. Something BIG. Darker than the
shadows which conceal it. Something with WIDE, GLEAMING
EYES.
Harry steps back. Afraid to look. Afraid not to. Wand
outstretched... he TRIPS, tumbles over the forgotten
trunk. The tip of his wand BLAZES.
BANG! TWIN BEAMS of BLINDING LIGHT spear the night.
HARRY
Aaaah!
GIANT WHEELS bear down. Harry rolls clear -- just as a
PREPOSTEROUSLY PURPLE, TRIPLE-DECKER BUS SCREECHES to a
halt. GOLD LETTERS glimmer above the windscreen: The
Knight Bus.
DOORS HISS. Snap back. REVEAL STAN SHUNPIKE, an 18-
year-old boy in a WRINKLED CONDUCTOR'S UNIFORM. Pasty
face. Raccoon eyes. Stan looks like he hasn't seen the
sun in years.
STAN SHUNPIKE
(wearily, drearily)
Welcome to the Knight Bus.
Emergency transport for the
stranded witch or wizard. My name
is Stan Shunpike, and I will be
your conductor this evening.
(peering at Harry)
Wha' choo doin' down there?
HARRY
Fell over.
STAN SHUNPIKE
Wha' choo fall over for?
(CONTINUED)
9.
10 CONTINUED: 10
HARRY
I didn't do it on purpose.
Stan eyes Harry suspiciously, nods slowly.
STAN SHUNPIKE
Well, come on then. Let's not
wait for the grass to grow.
As Stan grabs Harry's trunk, Harry peers into the shadows
across the street -- now simply shadows -- and climbs
aboard.
11 INT. THE KNIGHT BUS - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER) 11
No seats. Only BEDS. The BRASS frames need a shine, the
lines a wash. In one bed, a DISHEVELED WIZARD GRUNTS,
turns over in his sleep.
DISHEVELED WIZARD
Not now... I'm pickling slugs...
Behind the wheel, ERNIE, an UNSHAVEN WIZARD in THICK
GLASSES, stares straight ahead, armpits stained with
sweat. A SHRUNKEN HEAD dangles from the rearview mirror,
MUTTERING incessantly through the STITCHES that lace its
mouth.
STAN SHUNPIKE
Take 'er away, Ern.
SHRUNKEN HEAD
Yeah, take it away!
BANG! Ernie rockets away and the beds -- as one -- slide
six inches to the rear. Harry drops onto the bed
nearest, peers up at the CHANDELIER SWAYING directly
above his head. Beyond the windscreen ONCOMING TRAFFIC
WHIPS past in a blur.
STAN SHUNPIKE
Wot you say your name was again?
HARRY
I didn't.
Stan, huddled in an armchair, peeks over The Daily
Prophet, eyes Harry coolly, before disappearing once
more. Harry brushes the fringe of his hair over his
scar, watches an AMBULANCE -- SIREN WAILING -- careen
past.
(CONTINUED)
10.
11 CONTINUED: 11
STAN SHUNPIKE
Whereabouts you headin'?
Harry hesitates. He hadn't thought about this. Decides.
HARRY
The Leaky Cauldron. That's in
London --
STAN SHUNPIKE
Is it now? Get that, Ern? The
Leaky Cauldron. That's in London.
Stan grins with sinister delight, showing BAD TEETH.
SHRUNKEN HEAD
Leaky Cauldron! Stay away from
the pea soup!
As the Shrunken Head CACKLES with delight, Harry peers
out the windscreen, watches London careering by.
HARRY
Isn't this a bit... dangerous?
STAN SHUNPIKE
Naah. Haven't had an accident
in -- what? -- a week is it, Ern?
SHRUNKEN HEAD
Heads up! Little old lady at
twelve o'clock!
Sure enough, directly ahead, a LITTLE OLD LADY is
crossing the street. Ernie HITS the BRAKES HARD and
Harry flies forward, palms to the window. The brakes
pinch down, the bus stops inches from the old lady, and
Harry flies back onto his bed. BANG! The bus rockets
forward once more.
As Harry rights himself, he notices the HEADLINE of
Stan's Daily Prophet: ESCAPE FROM AZKABAN! Below, a
sunken-faced MAN with long, matted hair glowers from a
MOVING PHOTOGRAPH.
HARRY
Who is that? That man.
STAN SHUNPIKE
Who is that? That's Sirius Black,
that is. Don' tell me you ne'er
been hearin' o' Sirius Black?
(CONTINUED)
11.
11 CONTINUED: (2) 11
Harry shakes his head, still staring at the man's face.
STAN SHUNPIKE
A murderer, he is. Got 'imself
locked up in Azkaban for it.
HARRY
How'd he escape?
STAN SHUNPIKE
Tha's the question, isn't it?
He's the firs' that's done it.
Gives me the collywobbles thinking
he's out there, though, I'll tell
you that. Big supporter of YouKnow-'Oo,
Black was. Reckon you
heard o' him.
Harry nods and, as he does, Black's eyes shift. Meet
Harry's.
HARRY
Yeah. Him I've heard of.
Just then, a pair of DOUBLE-DECKER BUSES sweep directly
toward the Knight Bus. Before can scream, the entire
Knight Bus SQUEEZES DOWN and shoots the gap between the
two onrushing buses. The Shrunken Head winces.
SHRUNKEN HEAD
Hate that.
HARRY
This bus. Don't the Muggles ever...
STAN SHUNPIKE
Them! Don' listen properly, do
they? Don' look properly either.
Never notice nuffink, they don'.
Just then, a COUPLE walking a DOG are engulfed by a RUSH
of WIND as the (invisible) Knight Bus WHOOSHES past. The
couple glances about in bewilderment. The DOG YAPS
madly.
SHRUNKEN HEAD
Turn! Turn!
Ernie fans the wheel, sending the Knight Bus into a
dizzying 360-degree turn. HEADLIGHTS pinwheel past the
windows as the bus rides up on two wheels and Harry is
sent flying once more. Grabbing fast to the center POLE,
he pirouettes through the air when Ernie... SLAMS on the
BRAKES.
12.
12 EXT. CHARING CROSS ROAD/LEAKY CAULDRON - NIGHT 12
The Knight Bus fishtails INTO VIEW and SQUEALS to a stop,
centimeters from a PARKED CAR. WHOOSH! The bus settles
and -- TINK! -- taps the bumper. Instantly, the car's
ALARM wails.
12A INT. THE KNIGHT BUS - SAME TIME - NIGHT 12A
The chandelier sways drunkenly as the bus doors open.
The steps GROAN with heavy feet and a FIGURE appears:
TOM, Innkeeper of the Leaky Cauldron pub.
TOM
Mr. Potter... at last.
12B EXT. LEAKY CAULDRON - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER) 12B
As the Knight Bus rockets off, Tom and Harry are
revealed, Harry glances up, reads the SIGN above: THE
LEAKY CAULDRON. Tom drags Harry's trunk inside, then
pauses and, with a FLICK of his wand, silences the car
alarm.
13 INT. LEAKY CAULDRON - BAR/HALLWAY - NIGHT (MOMENTS 13
LATER)
Harry trails Tom through the quiet room. The BARTENDER
glances up, his gaze lingering perhaps a bit too long. A
solitary WIZARD reads a book while, at his elbow, his
COFFEE CUP STIRS ITSELF. Tom leads Harry upstairs.
14 INT. LEAKY CAULDRON - BACK ROOM - NIGHT 14
As Harry follows Tom inside, he finds a SNOW WHITE OWL
(HEDWIG) perched atop a chair.
HARRY
Hedwig!
TOM
Right smart bird you've got there,
Mr. Potter. Arrived only minutes
before yourself.
A MAN CLEARS his throat. Harry turns, finds a PINSTRIPED
SILHOUETTE (CORNELIUS FUDGE) at the window, staring at
the ghostly shadows beyond. Harry's reflection shivers
in the glass, but the man doesn't turn. Tom takes a
position against the wall, fishes a pair of WALNUTS from
his pocket and -- CRACK -- crushes the shells between his
palms.
(CONTINUED)
13.
14 CONTINUED: 14
CORNELIUS FUDGE
I should tell you, Mr. Potter,
earlier this evening your uncle's
sister was located just south of
Sheffield, circling a chimney
stack. The Accidental Magic
Reversal Department was dispatched
and she's been properly punctured
and
her memory modified. She has no
recollection of the incident
whatsoever.
Harry waits. A man condemned. Then Fudge turns.
CORNELIUS FUDGE
So that's that, and no harm done.
(smiling)
Pea soup?
Harry glances warily from the steaming TUREEN of GREEN to
Tom, who works a grimy thumb into his gum, frees a walnut
sliver.
HARRY
No thank you. Minister... I don't
understand. I broke the law.
Underage wizards aren't allowed to
use magic at home --
CORNELIUS FUDGE
(dishing up a bowl)
Oh, come now, Harry. The Ministry
doesn't send people to Azkaban for
blowing up their aunts! On the
other hand... running away like
that... given the state of
things... very, very
irresponsible.
HARRY
'The state of things' sir?
CORNELIUS FUDGE
We have a killer on the loose.
HARRY
Sirius Black, you mean. But...
what's that got to do with me?
CRACK! Tom SHATTERS another WALNUT. Fudge smiles
nervously.
(CONTINUED)
14.
14 CONTINUED: (2) 14
CORNELIUS FUDGE
Hm? Oh, nothing. You're safe,
that's what matters. Tomorrow
you'll be on your way to Hogwarts.
These are your new schoolbooks.
I took the liberty of having them
brought here for you.
Harry eyes the STACK of BOOKS. One is bound by a ROPE.
CORNELIUS FUDGE
By the way, Harry. Whilst you're
here it would be best if you
didn't... wander.
15 OMITTED 15
16 EXT. LEAKY CAULDRON - ROOM ELEVEN - MORNING 16
THROUGH the window: the rooftops of London. A TRAIN
PASSES and CAMERA PULLS BACK, REVEALS Harry, standing
with Hedwig. He turns, eyes his schoolbooks. He studies
the GROWLING TOME -- The Monster Book of Monsters -- then
gives the rope a tug. Instantly...
... the book LEAPS to the floor, pages flying, bookcovers
SNAPPING. Harry gives chase, then the book turns, begins
NIPPING viciously at his shoes. Harry vaults atop the
bed, watches the book disappear underneath, then grabs a
PILLOW.
Seconds later, the book scuttles into view and Harry
POUNCES -- FLUMPH! The BOOK ROARS angrily, muffled
beneath the pillow. Harry takes the ROPE, prepares to
rebind it.
17 INT. LEAKY CAULDRON - HALLWAY/ROOMELEVEN - MORNING 17
A YOUNG WITCH in maid's robes pushes a cart down the
hall. Harry exits his room as the witch KNOCKS on a
door.
YOUNG WITCH
Housekeeping.
As she opens the door, she's greeted by a THUNDEROUS ROAR
and a RUSH of WIND.
YOUNG WITCH
(unperturbed)
I'll come back later.
(CONTINUED)
15.
17 CONTINUED: 17
Something SMALL and FAST dashes by Harry's feet.
Looking, he spies a rather ragged-looking RAT (SCABBERS),
pursued by a decidedly UGLY ORANGE CAT (CROOKSHANKS).
18 OMITTED 18
thru thru
22 22
23 INT. LEAKY CAULDRON - STAIRWAY - MORNING (MOMENTS 23
LATER)
As Harry moves down the stairs, VOICES come from below.
RON (O.S.)
I'm warning you, Hermione! Keep
that bloody beast of yours away
from Scabbers or I'll turn it into
a tea cozy.
HERMIONE (O.S.)
He's a cat, Ronald! What do you
expect? It's in his nature.
As Harry reaches bottom, he finds RON WEASLEY
protectively cradling Scabbers, while HERMIONE GRANDER
does her best to restrain a HISSING Crookshanks.
RON
A cat! Is that what they told
you? Looks more like a pig with
hair if you ask me.
HERMIONE
That's rich coming from the owner
of that smelly old shoe brush.
(cooing to the cat)
It's all right, Crookshanks. You
just ignore the mean little boy...
Then, sensing another presence in the room, both turn.
HERMIONE/RON
Harry.
CUT TO:
CLOSEUP - A DOG- EARED CLIPPING
from The Daily Prophet.
(CONTINUED)
16.
23 CONTINUED: 23
A HEADLINE SCREAMS: "GRAND PRIZE WINNER VISITS EGYPT!"
In the accompanying PHOTO, the entire WEASLEY FAMILY
stands before the GREAT PYRAMIDS, waving. Smack in the
middle is Ron, Scabbers perched on his shoulder.
23A INT. LEAKY CAULDRON - MORNING (MOMENTS LATER)
23A
As Ron smoothes the dog-eared clipping onto the table,
Harry studies it. Hermione ignores it, stroking
Crookshanks.
HARRY
Egypt! What's it like?
RON
Brilliant. It's got loads of old
stuff. Mummies. Death masks.
Tombs --
HERMIONE
You know, the ancient Egyptians of
the Nile River delta worshipped
the cat goddess Bast.
Ron glares stonily at Hermione, then turns back to Harry.
RON
I also got a new wand.
Just then, a COMMOTION is HEARD. The Weasleys -- PERCY,
FRED, GEORGE, GINNY, ARTHUR, and MOLLY -- arrive en
masse, laden with purchases from Diagon Alley.
GEORGE
Not flashing that clipping about
again, are you, Ron?
RON
I haven't shown anyone!
FRED
No, not a soul. Unless you count
Tom. The day maid. The night
maid. The cook. The bloke that
came to fix the toilet. That
wizard from Belgium...
Mrs. Weasley takes Harry's face in her hands, smiles. As
if relieved to see him.
MRS. WEASLEY
It's good to see you, Harry.
(CONTINUED)
17.
23A CONTINUED: 23A
HARRY
Good to see you too, Mrs. Weasley.
ARTHUR WEASLEY
Harry. I wonder if I might have a
word.
HARRY
Of course, Mr. Weasley.
As Mr. Weasley pulls Harry away, the others continue to
hover over the clipping in the b.g.
FRED
George's nose looks positively
massive in that photograph.
GINNY
That's your nose, Fred.
FRED
Bloody hell. 'Tis, isn't it?
Take after your side of the
family, don't I, Mum?
Harry notices Mr. Weasley glance edgily at a FUGITIVE
POSTER tacked to the wall. In it, SIRIUS BLACK glowers
under the words, "Have You Seen This Man?"
ARTHUR WEASLEY
Harry. There are some within the
Ministry who would strongly
discourage me from divulging what
I'm about to tell you. But I
think you need to know the facts.
Because you're in danger. Grave
danger.
Harry's eyes drift to the fugitive poster.
HARRY
Has this anything to do with him,
sir?
ARTHUR WEASLEY
What do you know of Sirius Black,
Harry?
HARRY
That he escaped from Azkaban.
That he killed someone...
(CONTINUED)
18.
23A CONTINUED: (2) 23A
ARTHUR WEASLEY
Harry, thirteen years ago, when
you stopped...
Mr. Weasley hesitates, unable to continue.
HARRY
Voldemort...?
ARTHUR WEASLEY
(nodding nervously)
Black lost everything. But he
remains a loyal servant to this
day. In his mind, only you stand
in the way of...
Once again, Mr. Weasley hesitates.
HARRY
Voldemort...?
ARTHUR WEASLEY
Harry, I hate it when you say --
HARRY
I know, sorry. Ron hates it too.
ARTHUR WEASLEY
In Black's mind, only you stand in
the way of... You-Know-Who
returning to power. That's why
he's broken. That's why he's
broken out of Azkaban. To find
you. And...
Mr. Weasley hesitates yet again.
HARRY
Kill me?
Mr. Weasley nods. Nervously.
ARTHUR WEASLEY
Harry. I want you to swear
that -- whatever you might hear --
you won't go looking for Black.
HARRY
Mr. Weasley, why would I go looking
for someone who wants to kill me?
Mr. Weasley nods, then claps Harry on the shoulder.
(CONTINUED)
19.
23A CONTINUED: (3) 23A
ARTHUR WEASLEY
Just watch yourself, will you,
Harry?
24 OMITTED 24
& &
25 25
26 EXT. PLATFORM NINE AND THREE QUARTERS - MORNING 26
As the HOGWARTS EXPRESS BLEATS ITS HORN, we CRANE OVER
the milling horde of students. Parents hurry their
children onboard, tiny siblings wave goodbyes... and Mr.
Weasley dashes through the throng and up to an open train
window.
MRS. WEASLEY
Ron!
She hands Scabbers through the open window to him.
27 INT. HOGWARTS EXPRESS - TRAIN CAR - DAY (MOMENTS LATER) 27
The aisle teems with students. Harry, Ron and Hermione
work their way down the aisle, looking for an empty
compartment.
HARRY
I didn't mean to blow her up. I
just...
(troubled by
the memory)
... lost control.
RON
Brilliant!
HERMIONE
Honestly, Ron, it's not funny.
Harry's lucky he wasn't expelled.
RON
I still think it was brilliant.
SNAP! SNAP! SNAP! A copy of the The Monster Book of
Monsters SCUTTLES CRAB-LIKE down the aisle, pursued by
NEVILLE LONGBOTTOM.
NEVILLE
Hi, Harry. Ron. Hermione.
(CONTINUED)
20.
27 CONTINUED: 27
HARRY/HERMIONE/RON
Hi, Neville.
As he bumps past, Hermione nods to a compartment.
HERMIONE
C'mon. We're in here.
28 INT. TRAIN COMPARTMENT - CONTINUOUS ACTION - DAY 28
As they slip inside, they find a MAN in SHABBY ROBES
(PROFESSOR LUPIN) slumped against the window, asleep. He
looks ill, exhausted. The trio eye him warily. WHISPER.
RON
Who d'you reckon he is?
HERMIONE
Professor R.J. Lupin.
RON
You know everything. How is it
she knows everything?
HERMIONE
It's on his case.
She points. Stamped in peeling letters on a BATTERED
CASE is "Professor R.J. Lupin."
HARRY
Is he really asleep?
HERMIONE
Seems to be. Why? What is it,
Harry?
HARRY
Close the door.
Hermione and Ron exchange a curious glance, then Ron
rises, slides the door shut, OVER CAMERA, and we --
CUT TO:
29 EXT. HOGWARTS EXPRESS - LATE DAY (LATER) 29
Storm clouds, like dark ghosts, toss SHEETS of RAIN onto
the scarlet engine as it heads north.
21.
30 INT. TRAIN COMPARTMENT - LATE DAY 30
Ron and Hermione stare at Harry, faces stricken in the
lantern light that now glows in the compartment.
Crookshanks slumbers in his CAGE.
RON
Let me get this straight. Sirius
Black escaped from Azkaban to come
after you?
HARRY
Yes.
HERMIONE
But they'll catch Black, won't
they? I mean... eventually?
RON
Sure -- Of course, no one's ever
broken out of Azkaban before and
he's a raving, murderous
lunatic...
Just then, the COMPARTMENT RATTLES. Lanterns flicker.
The train LURCHES, begins to SLOW. Hermione slides down
the seat, pinning Ron against the window. They exchange
an awkward glance, then Hermione carefully slides to the
other end of the seat and glances at her WATCH. Frowns.
HERMIONE
Why're we stopping? We can't be
there yet...
Harry rises, slides open the door, peers into the
corridor.
HARRY'S POV -- All along the carriage, HEADS look out
curiously. Then -- the train JERKS -- the car SWAYS --
and the LAMPS running along the ceiling FLICKER and...
31 EXT. TRAIN - SAME TIME - DUSK 31
... die. One by one. Until all is...
32 INT. TRAIN COMPARTMENT - SAME TIME - DUSK 32
Dark.
RON
What's going on?
(CONTINUED)
22.
32 CONTINUED: 32
A thin WISP of STEAM escapes Ron's mouth. Harry notices.
HARRY
Dunno... Maybe we've broken down?
HERMIONE
Ouch! Ron, that was my foot!
SQUEAK-SQUEAK-SQUEAK. Ron, a dark silhouette against the
window, wipes a patch of condensation from the window.
RON
There's something moving out
there. I think... people are
coming aboard.
Suddenly the CAR SWAYS violently... rights itself. The
METAL WINDOW TRIM at Ron's fingertips begins to VIBRATE.
RON
Bloody hell. What's happening?
SSSSST! A soft CRACKLING fills the car and FLAMES
bloom... in the hands of R.J. Lupin. In the SHIVERING
LIGHT, his face looks tired and gray, but his eyes are
alert. Wary.
PROFESSOR LUPIN
Don't. Move.
A HAND -- slimy and scabbed -- a hand of death -- GRIPS
the half-open compartment door, pushes it aside.
REVEALS: a TOWERING, CLOAKED FIGURE, its face hidden
beneath its black hood. CROOKSHANKS' hair rises and as
she HISSES...
WHOOSHHHHH. The folds of the hood TREMBLE. A CHILL,
RATTLING INTAKE OF AIR is heard. The FLAMES in Lupin's
hands SPUTTER. A SOUND SWELLS in Harry's ears. Eerie.
Painful. The sound of a WOMAN SCREAMING. Harry's eyes
roll up, eyelids fluttering.
And then... a SILVERY WHITE LIGHT drifts from his mouth.
The world spins off its axis and Harry falls... glasses
tumbling hard to the ground... then Harry... the muscles
of his jaw twitching. THUNDER CRACKS. LIGHTNING paints
the ICY windows...
WHITE.
BLACK.
WHITE.
(CONTINUED)
23.
32 CONTINUED: (2) 32
BLACK...
With a DESPERATE GASP, Harry opens his eyes. Blinks.
DUSK IS GONE. The windows BLACK. The floor at his spine
is SHAKING GENTLY. The train moving again. His eyes
shift, see a DROP OF WATER, newly unfrozen, running
slowly down the window.
HERMIONE
Harry? Harry, are you all right?
Hermione's troubled face hovers above him. He nods.
Sits up. Ron -- pale, nervous -- extends his hand.
Harry's glasses.
HARRY
Thanks.
Harry slips them on. Discovers the cold sweat glazing
his brow. SNAP! Professor Lupin breaks a ragged
triangle of CHOCOLATE off the SLAB in his hands. Holds
it out.
PROFESSOR LUPIN
Chocolate. Eat. It'll help.
HARRY
What was that -- that thing?
PROFESSOR LUPIN
A Dementor. One of the guards of
Azkaban. It's gone now.
Harry frowns in confusion.
HERMIONE
It was searching the train, Harry.
For Sirius Black.
PROFESSOR LUPIN
I need to have a word with the
driver. Excuse me.
(the chocolate)
Eat. It'll help.
As he leaves, Harry turns to Ron and Hermione.
HARRY
What happened to me?
(CONTINUED)
24.
32 CONTINUED: (3) 32
RON
Well, you sort of went... rigid.
We thought maybe you were having a
fit or something.
HARRY
And did either of you? You
know... pass out?
RON
No. I felt... weird. Like I'd
never be cheerful again. But...
no.
Harry turns to Hermione. She shakes her head.
HERMIONE
I was trembling. Cold. But
then... Professor Lupin made it go
away...
HARRY
But someone was screaming. A
woman.
Hermione and Ron glance nervously at each other.
HERMIONE
No one was screaming, Harry.
Harry looks to the window and we PUSH IN ON his
REFLECTION. It becomes a GLIMMERING PUDDLE and...
33 OMITTED 33
34 EXT. HOGWARTS CASTLE - NIGHT 34
SPLASH!... a CARRIAGE WHEEL shatters the glassy surface
as we TILT UP, catch a procession of HORSELESS CARRIAGES,
carrying students toward the glimmering castle.
Gradually, the sweet sound of a CHOIR rises on the air, a
FLASH of LIGHTNING bleaches the night sky and we --
CUT TO:
35 EXT./INT. GREAT HALL - NIGHT (LATER) 35
... the CAMERA as it GLIDES TOWARD the windows of the
Great Hall, TOWARD the CANDLELIT SILHOUETTES glimmering
within, PASSING THROUGH the glass.
(CONTINUED)
25.
35 CONTINUED: 35
At the High Table, Lupin sits with SEVERUS SNAPE, MINERVA
McGONAGALL, RUBEUS HAGRID and ALBUS DUMBLEDORE. We TRACK
ALONG the FACES of the choir, singing to the strains of a
HARPSICHORD, and LAND ON a QUINTET OF TOADS (one of
which -- TREVOR -- belongs to NEVILLE LONGBOTTOM, who
looks on with pride).
ARGUS FILCH, Hogwarts' caretaker, stands grimly to the
side as red-eyed MRS. NORRIS switches her tail at his
feet. As the choir's song concludes, DUMBLEDORE rises,
beaming over the sea of black hats.
DUMBLEDORE
Welcome! Welcome to another year
at Hogwarts! I have a few things
to say, before we become befuddled
by our excellent feast. I myself
am particularly looking forward to
the flaming kiwi cups, which,
while somewhat treacherous for
those of us with facial hair...
McGONAGALL clears her throat.
DUMBLEDORE
Mm. Yes. First, I'm pleased to
welcome Professor R.J. Lupin, who
has kindly consented to fill the
post of Defense Against the Dark
Arts. Good luck to you,
Professor.
Amid SCATTERED APPLAUSE, Harry, Ron, Hermione CLAP
LOUDLY.
HERMIONE
Of course! That's why he knew to
give you the chocolate, Harry.
DUMBLEDORE
As some of you may know, Professor
Kettleburn, our Care of Magical
Creatures teacher for many years,
has decided to retire in order to
spend more time with his remaining
limbs. Fortunately, I'm delighted
to announce that his place will be
filled by none other than our own
Rubeus Hagrid!
(CONTINUED)
26.
35 CONTINUED: (2) 35
Harry, Ron, and Hermione stare at each other --
stunned -- then APPLAUD vigorously. Hagrid turns ruby
red, rises, and nearly topples the staff table, sending
water goblets weaving.
DUMBLEDORE
(turning grave)
Finally, on a more disquieting
note, Hogwarts -- at the request
of the Ministry of Magic -- will,
until further notice, play host to
the Dementors of Azkaban.
A MURMUR of apprehension fills the hall. At the
Slytherin table, DRACO MALFOY, flanked by the ever
present CRABBE and GOYLE, catches Harry's eye, feigns
a dead faint.
DUMBLEDORE
The Dementors will be stationed at
the entrances to the grounds. While
they are under strict orders not to
enter the castle itself, you will on
occasion see them as you go about
your daily activities. Under no
circumstances are you to approach
them. It is not in the nature of
a Dementor to be forgiving.
36 INT. ENTRANCE HALL - NIGHT (LATER) 36
Students exit the Great Hall, scale the Marble Staircase.
37 INT. MARBLE STAIRCASE/SEVENTH FLOOR - NIGHT 37
Harry, Ron and Hermione arrive at the seventh floor
landing and approach the FAT LADY in the portrait.
HARRY
Fortuna Major.
38 INT. GRYFFINDOR COMMON ROOM - NIGHT 38
The Gryffindors trail through the common room, the girls
heading one way, boys the other.
39 INT. TOWER DORMITORY - NIGHT (LATER) 39
While those around him sleep, Harry takes the PHOTOGRAPH
of his parents, sets it next to his bed, then glances
around in quiet contentment.
(CONTINUED)
27.
39 CONTINUED: 39
RON
Good to be home, eh, Harry?
Harry turns -- caught -- and finds Ron studying him from
his own bed, Scabbers cradled in his hand. Harry nods
and turns to the window..
39A EXT. HOGWARTS CASTLE - SAME TIME - NIGHT 39A
The Dementors drift to their positions outside the
grounds.
39B INT. T OWER DORMITORY - SAME TIME - NIGHT 39B
Harry continues to stare.
HARRY
Yeah...
As his breath CLOUDS THE GLASS, we gradually...
FADE OUT.
FADE IN:
40 EXT. HOGWARTS CASTLE - GROUNDS - MORNING 40
As BRIDGE and CASTLE glimmer in the distance, Hagrid
emerges from the Forbidden Forest, dragging a fistful of
dead FERRETS by the tail. A BIRD appears, circles his
head playfully, CHIRP-CHIRP-CHIRPING merrily before it...
... flutters off, pin-wheeling past flowers, into a
BIRDBATH, finally coming to rest upon...
... an ANCIENT TREE. It TWITTERS cheerfully, singing its
lovely song, when -- THWOCK! -- a branch punts the bird
into the air. As feathers fly, the WHOMPING WILLOW
resumes its shape.
41 OMITTED 41
42 INT. DIVINATION CLASSROOM - MORNING 42
Harry, Ron and Hermione sit on fat little pouffes in a
murky, incense-laden room, along with Neville, Dean,
Seamus, LAVENDER BROWN, PARVATI PATIL and others.
(CONTINUED)
28.
42 CONTINUED: 42
PROFESSOR TRELAWNEY (O.S.)
Welcome, my children. In this
room, you shall explore the
mysterious art of Divination. In
this room, you shall discover if
you possess...
A crimson scrim FLUTTERS and SYBIL TRELAWNEY, Divination
Professor, glides dramatically INTO VIEW, eyes huge and
bug-like behind enormous glasses.
PROFESSOR TRELAWNEY
... the Sight. Hello. I am
Professor Trelawney. Together, we
shall cast ourselves into the
future. But know this. One
either has the Gift or not. It
cannot be divined from the pages
of a book. Books only cloud one's
Inner Eye.
HERMIONE (O.S.)
(under her breath)
What rubbish.
Ron spins. Frowns at Hermione.
RON
Where'd you come from?
HERMIONE
Me? I've been here all along.
PROFESSOR TRELAWNEY
(spinning on Neville)
You, boy! Is your grandmother
well?
NEVILLE
I... I think so.
PROFESSOR TRELAWNEY
I wouldn't be so sure of that.
(continuing)
The first term will be devoted to
the reading of tea leaves. If all
goes well, we will proceed to
palmistry, fire omens, and
finally... the crystal ball.
(eyeing Parvati)
By the way, dear, beware a redhaired
man.
(CONTINUED)
29.
42 CONTINUED: (2) 42
Parvati eyes Ron dubiously. Edges her pouffe away.
PROFESSOR TRELAWNEY
Unfortunately, classes will be
disrupted in February by a nasty
bout of flu. I myself will lose
my voice. And in late spring, one
of our number will... leave us
forever.
As the class exchanges uneasy glances, Trelawney smiles
brightly.
PROFESSOR TRELAWNEY
Well then. Shall we?
CUT TO:
TEACUP - DETAIL - LATER
Inside, a CLOUD of TEA LEAVES mutates oddly. Harry,
sitting opposite Ron now, frowns at the leaves, consults
the SYMBOLS in the textbook (Unfogging the Future) at his
elbow. Trelawney walks amongst them, robes flowing.
PROFESSOR TRELAWNEY
Broaden your minds, my dears. And
allow your eyes to see... beyond.
Trelawney takes Lavender Brown's cup, peers inside.
PROFESSOR TRELAWNEY
A five-leaf clover... You can
expect to wake with a horrible
rash tomorrow morning, dear.
(then, casually)
Mr. Longbottom, after you've
broken your first cup...
CA-CHINK! Neville fumbles the cup in his hands and the
brittle CRASH of CHINA is heard.
PROFESSOR TRELAWNEY
... would you be so kind as to
select one of the blue ones? I'm
rather partial to the pink.
(pausing by Ron)
What do you see in Mr. Potter's
cup, Mr. Weasley?
(CONTINUED)
30.
42 CONTINUED: (3) 42
RON
Well. He's got a wonky sort of
cross -- that's trials and
suffering. But this lot here
could be the sun -- that's great
happiness. So... he's going to
suffer but be very happy about it.
Professor Trelawney takes the cup, peers inside, and
GASPS.
PROFESSOR TRELAWNEY
Ahhh!
PARVATI
What is it, Professor?
Trelawney regards Harry with a mixture of pity and fear.
PROFESSOR TRELAWNEY
My dear boy... You have the Grim.
SEAMUS
The Grin? What's the Grin?
PARVATI
The Grim.
Not the grin, you idiot.
DEAN THOMAS
But what does it mean, Professor?
LAVENDER
'The Grim...'
All turn, see Lavender bent over her textbook.
LAVENDER
'Taking the form of a giant
spectral dog, it is among the
darkest omens in our world. It is
an omen... of death.'
Harry peers into his cup. The tea leaves shift. The dog
disappears. And a new image emerges slowly...
Sirius Black.
43 EXT. CASTLE/BRIDGE/WHOMPING WILLOW/HAGRID’S HUT - DAY 43
The trio emerge from the BRIDGE and make their way toward
Hagrid's hut. The Whomping Willow looms in the distance.
(CONTINUED)
31.
43 CONTINUED: 43
HERMIONE
Death omens. Honestly. If you
ask me, Divination's a very wooly
discipline. Now Ancient Runes.
That's a fascinating subject.
RON
Ancient Runes? Exactly how many
classes are you taking this term?
HERMIONE
A fair few.
RON
Hang on. Ancient Runes is the
same time as Divination. You'd
have to be in two classes at once.
HERMIONE
Don't be silly. How could anyone
be in two classes at once?
(mimicking Trelawney)
Broaden your minds...
43A EXT. HAGRID’S HUT - DAY (MOMENTS LATER) 43A
STUDENTS gather around Hagrid as Harry, Ron and Hermione
arrive. Draco, Crabbe, and Goyle stand with the
Slytherins.
HAGRID
C'mon now, get a move on! Got a
real treat for yeh. Great lesson
comin' up. Follow me.
44 EXT. PADDOCK - HAGRID’S HUT - DAY (MOMENTS LATER) 44
Hagrid leads them toward a small paddock just this side
of the Forbidden Forest. In the paddock, a freestanding
IRON RACK hangs with DEAD FERRETS, BUZZING with FLIES.
Nearby is a PUMPKIN PATCH.
HAGRID
Gather 'round. Find yerself a spot.
That's it. Now, firs' thing yeh'll
want ter do is open yer books --
DRACO
And exactly how do we do that?
(CONTINUED)
32.
44 CONTINUED: 44
Hagrid looks. Belts, rope, Spellotape: any means
available have been employed to bridle The Monster Book
of Monsters, which QUIVER VIOLENTLY.
HAGRID
Crikey. Didn' yeh know? All yeh've
got ter do is stroke 'em. Look --
Hagrid takes Hermione's copy, SNAPS the Spellotape
binding it. As it begins to BITE, Hagrid calmly runs a
forefinger down the book's spine and it... SHIVERS.
Falls quietly open.
Hagrid glances at the class, looking suddenly unsure.
HAGRID
Righ' then. So... so... yeh've
got yer books, an' now yeh need
the Magical Creatures. Right.
So... I'll... I'll go an' get 'em.
Hagrid turns, disappears into the trees. Draco shakes
his head, SPEAKS LOUDLY to Crabbe and Goyle.
DRACO
God, this place is going to the
dogs. Wait until my father hears
Dumbledore's got this oaf teaching
classes.
HARRY
Listen, you stupid prat --
Eyes WIDENING in fear, Malfoy steps back, points.
DRACO
Potter, there's a Dementor behind
you.
Harry JUMPS, wheels in fear, finds... nothing. Instantly,
the SLYTHERINS make an eerie OOH... and OOH sound, then
break up laughing. Harry reddens, embarrassed, then...
A STRANGE BEAST (BUCKBEAK) emerges from the trees. It
has the torso, hind legs, and tail of a horse, but the
front legs, wings and head of a giant eagle. The
students step back in fear, then Hagrid appears, shooing
the beast on.
HAGRID
Gee up, there!
(grinning)
Beau'iful, isn' he?
(CONTINUED)
33.
44 CONTINUED: (2) 44
There seems no consensus on this, but the students stare
in wary wonder nonetheless. As Hagrid coaxes the beast
to the center of the paddock, Ron stares uneasily.
RON
Hagrid. Exactly what is that?
HAGRID
A Hippogriff, o' course. Now,
firs' thing yeh gotta know is
they're proud. Easily offended,
Hippogriffs are. Don't never
insult one, 'cause it migh' be
the las' thing yeh do. Right
then -- who wants ter come an'
say hello?
The entire class STEPS BACK, leaving Harry in front.
HAGRID
Good man, Harry!
Harry looks around, then -- reluctantly -- approaches.
HAGRID
Tha's it. Easy now... stop! This
here's Buckbeak, Harry. Yeh want
ter let 'im make the firs' move.
It's polite, see? Jus' take step
forward, give 'im a bow, and if
Buckbeak bows back, yeh're allowed
ter touch him. Ready?
Unsure, Harry nods anyway. Steps forward. And... bows.
Buckbeak's head cocks, eagle eyes studying Harry cannily.
Harry waits. And waits...
HAGRID
Back off, Harry! Back off!
Harry starts to step back, when... Buckbeak ducks his
beak. Hagrid sighs, relieved.
HAGRID
Well done, Harry! Go on. Give
'im a pat.
Tentatively, Harry reaches out, lays his hand on
Buckbeak's fierce beak. The class CLAPS. Harry
smiles.
(CONTINUED)
34.
44 CONTINUED: (3) 44
HAGRID
Look at that! I reckon he migh'
let yeh ride 'im!
HARRY
(smile drooping)
Excuse me?
HAGRID
We'll jus' set yeh behind the
wing joint. Mind yeh don' pull
any feathers out. He won' like
that.
Hagrid lifts Harry high, drops him onto Buckbeak's
back, and before Harry's settled, SLAPS Buckbeak's
hindquarters.
HAGRID
Off yeh go!
As Buckbeak GALLOPS FORWARD, Harry slides scarily back,
giant WINGS unfold, huge and powerful, and -- WHOOSH! --
they SOAR into the air. Rising higher. And higher.
And higher.
Gradually, Harry loosens his hold on Buckbeak's neck.
Losing himself in the joy of flying. Smiling at the
sight of his and Buckbeak's SHADOW racing across the
grass below. Circling over the Whomping Willow, past
Hogwarts castle, and then SWOOPING, with heart-stopping
speed, over the Black Lake, Buckbeak's talons tickling
the smooth glass of the water, summoning the GIANT SQUID
to the surface briefly. Hagrid WHISTLES then, and
Buckbeak wheels, beating his way back to the paddock,
galloping to a halt. As Harry slides off, the class
CHEERS -- all except Draco, who narrows his eyes
maliciously.
HAGRID
Good work, Harry!
(under his breath)
How'm I doin' me firs' day?
HARRY
Brilliant... Professor.
They both grin, when Draco pushes past them roughly,
strides toward Buckbeak.
(CONTINUED)
35.
44 CONTINUED: (4) 44
DRACO
Give me a go at that thing. If
Potter can do it, it must be
easy. You're not dangerous at
all, are you, you great ugly
brute --
HAGRID
Malfoy! No!
In a flash, Buckbeak's steely talons SLASH DOWN. Malfoy
freezes. Looks down at the BLOOD BLOSSOMING on his
robes. SHRIEKS. Instantly, Harry dashes forward.
Buckbeak WHIPS AROUND, raises its talons and -- seeing
Harry -- lowers them. Ducks its beak. Harry...
realizing what he's done... breathes.
DRACO
It's killed me! It's killed
me!
HAGRID
Calm yerself! Yer fine... jus'
a scratch...
Hagrid looks: a DEEP GASH glistens on Draco's limp
arm.
HERMIONE
Hagrid. He's got to be taken to
a hospital. I'll go with you,
if you like --
HAGRID
No. I'm the teacher. You all...
you all just... Class dismissed!
And with that, Hagrid -- looking shaken -- swoops up
Malfoy, flops him over his shoulder, and lumbers
toward the castle.
45 INT. GREAT HALL - NIGHT 45
As Lavender and Parvati huddle over a DOZEN TEACUPS,
Avidly interpreting patterns in HUSHED VOICES, Draco,
arm bound in a SLING, holds court before a clot of
Slytherins.
PANSY
Does it hurt terribly, Draco?
(CONTINUED)
36.
45 CONTINUED: 45
DRACO
(a tad theatrical)
It comes and goes. Still... I
consider myself lucky. According
to Madam Pomfrey, another minute
or two... and I could've lost the
arm.
Harry, Ron and Hermione watch from the Gryffindor table.
RON
The little git. He's really
laying it on thick, isn't he?
HARRY
At least Hagrid didn't get sacked.
HERMIONE
Yes. But I hear Draco's father's
furious. I don't think we've
heard the end of this...
SEAMUS
He's been sighted!
They turn. Seamus and the other Gryffindors are huddled
over a copy of The Daily Prophet.
RON
Who?
But the PHOTOGRAPH on the Prophet's front page provides a
chilling answer: Sirius Black. Hermione reads over the
shoulders of others. WHISPERS half to herself:
HERMIONE
Achintee? That's not far from
here...
NEVILLE
You don't think he'd come to
Hogwarts, do you?
LAVENDER
With the Dementors at every
entrance?
LAVENDAR
Dementors? He's already slipped
by them once, hasn't he? Who's
to say he can't do it again?
(CONTINUED)
37.
45 CONTINUED: (2) 45
As a flicker of fear passes through Harry's face, BEM,
a Nigerian boy, stares grimly at the grainy image of
Black.
BEM
That's right. Black could be
anywhere. It's like trying to
catch smoke. Like trying to
catch smoke with your bare
hands.
46 EXT. HOGWARTS CASTLE - MORNING 46
Beautiful flowers gleam in the dawn light, then, slowly
begin to WITHER. The dew FREEZES, the grass grows
brittle. Seconds later, the Dementors sweep by.
47 OMITTED 47
& &
48 48
49 INT. LUPIN’S CLASSROOM - MORNING 49
A tall WARDROBE RATTLES VIOLENTLY as Harry, Ron and
several classmates regard it warily.
PROFESSOR LUPIN
Intriguing, yes? Would anyone
like to venture a guess as to
what's inside?
SEAMUS
(in a hushed voice)
That's a Boggart, that is.
PROFESSOR LUPIN
Very good, Mr. Finnigan. Can
anyone tell us what a Boggart
looks like?
HERMIONE
No one knows.
Ron JUMPS, glances at Hermione, then WHISPERS to Harry.
RON
When'd she get here?
(CONTINUED)
38.
49 CONTINUED: 49
HERMIONE
Boggarts are shape-shifters.
They take the shape of whatever
a particular person fears most.
That's what makes it so --
PROFESSOR LUPIN
Terrifying, yes. Luckily, a very
simple charm exists to repel a
Boggart. Let's practice it now,
shall we? Without wands,
please... Riddikulus!
STUDENTS
Riddikulus!
DRACO
(muttering softly)
It's this class that's ridiculous.
PROFESSOR LUPIN
Good. So much for the easy part.
You see, the incantation alone
is not enough. What really
finishes a Boggart off is...
laughter. You need to force it
to assume a shape you find truly
amusing. Neville, come up here,
will you?
Neville eyes the rattling wardrobe, steps forward
queasily.
PROFESSOR LUPIN
What would you say is the thing
that frightens you most?
NEVILLE
Profter... Snafpt...
PROFESSOR LUPIN
Didn't catch that, Neville, sorry.
NEVILLE
Professor Snape.
Everyone LAUGHS good-naturedly. Lupin nods thoughtfully.
PROFESSOR LUPIN
Hmmm... yes. Neville, I believe
you live with your grandmother?
(CONTINUED)
39.
49 CONTINUED: (2) 49
NEVILLE
Yes, but I don't want the Boggart
to turn into her either.
PROFESSOR LUPIN
It won't. But I want you to
picture her clothes, only her
clothes, very clearly in your
mind. Can you do that?
NEVILLE
(closing his eyes)
She carries a red handbag...
PROFESSOR LUPIN
That's fine. We don't need to
hear it. If you see it, we will.
Now, when I open this wardrobe,
Neville, here's what I want you to
do...
Lupin leans close to Neville, WHISPERS. Neville's eyes
POP OPEN in shock. Consider Lupin uncertainly.
PROFESSOR LUPIN
You can do this, Neville.
Neville nods nervously, takes a deep breath.
PROFESSOR LUPIN
Right then. Wand at the ready.
One. Two. Three!
SPARKS jet from Lupin's wand, strike the doorknob, and
the wardrobe BURSTS OPEN. Instantly, Snape appears, eyes
flashing hideously as he stalks forward. Neville backs
away in fright.
PROFESSOR LUPIN
Think, Neville. Think!
NEVILLE
R-r-riddikulus!
CRACK! Snape stumbles in a FLASH OF LIGHT and
reappears... in a LONG, LACE-TRIMMED DRESS, TOWERING
MOTH-EATEN HAT, and CRIMSON HANDBAG. Instantly, the
class ROARS (except for Draco and his fellow Slytherins).
Neville blinks, amazed, then slowly, grins himself.
Lupin drops the needle on an OLD GRAMAPHONE. As a
SCRATCHY RHUMBA fills the room, he points to Ron.
(CONTINUED)
40.
49 CONTINUED: (3) 49
PROFESSOR LUPIN
Ron! Forward!
Snape DISSOLVES into a mad whirling mass, then mutates
into a... GIANT SPIDER. As Ron GASPS, Harry and Hermione
exchange an uncertain glance. Lupin puts his hands on
Ron's shoulders to steady him. Ron raises his wand.
RON
Riddikulus!
CRACK! ROLLER SKATES materialize on the spider's hairy
feet and it begins to shuffle crazily in place.
Instantly, Ron relaxes as the class' LAUGHTER rings out.
PROFESSOR LUPIN
Parvati!
As Parvati steps up, the spider SPINS faster and faster,
a DIZZYING BLUR, then reappears as a VAMPIRE.
PARVATI
Riddikulus!
As the vampire WHIPS its cloak across its eyes, we CUT
BEHIND... so our POV is of the students. SWISH! The
cloak reopens, the class LAUGHS, and we REVERSE again...
see that the vampire is now dressed like CARMEN MIRANDA.
As it begins to SHIMMY about -- against its will -- the
class starts to CLAP.
PROFESSOR LUPIN
Mr. Thomas!
As Dean steps up, the vampire's undulating body
attenuates, its skin darkening with diamond-thatched
SCALES becoming... a GIANT COBRA.
DEAN THOMAS
Riddikulus!
The cobra's hooded head BOBS back and forth, transforms
into a JACK-IN-THE-BOX. Lupin grins and...
PROFESSOR LUPIN
Next!
... turns, sees Harry step forward expectantly. Concern
flickers through Lupin's face. The Jack-In-The-Box
pivots on its spring, its face tumbling toward Harry,
becoming more sinister, transforming into a...
(CONTINUED)
41.
49 CONTINUED: (4) 49
... Dementor. Suddenly the MUSIC FADES. Harry starts to
raise his wand, then... freezes, transfixed. The
Dementor looms closer and closer, when...
... Lupin steps between, snaps his wand.
PROFESSOR LUPIN
Here!
CRACK! -- the Dementor vanishes and a ROILING MIST
appears, which becomes CLOUDS. Something glows within
the clouds, white, silvery and round...
PROFESSOR LUPIN
Riddikulus!
POP! The orb deflates like a punctured balloon, WHIZZES
crazily about the room, then darts back into the
wardrobe. The door SLAMS SHUT and the CLASS CHEERS.
PROFESSOR LUPIN
Well done, everyone. I think
that's enough excitement for today.
As the students exit, chattering loudly, only Harry,
subdued, remains behind. At the doorway, Lupin glances
back, exchanges a private glance with him. As he exits,
the WARDROBE gives one last RATTLE.
50 EXT. CLOCK TOWER COURTYARD - MORNING (TWO WEEKS LATER) 50
A great buzzing queue of STUDENTS -- Third Years and
older -- each clutching a PERMISSION FORM -- pass by a
glowering Filch.
PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
Remember! These visits to
Hogsmeade Village are a privilege.
Should your behavior reflect
poorly on the school in any way,
that privilege shall not be
extended again.
Harry approaches her, but before he can utter a syllable:
PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
No permission form. No visiting
the Village. That's the rule,
Potter.
(CONTINUED)
42.
50 CONTINUED: 50
HARRY
Yes, Professor, but I thought if
you said I could go --
PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
But I don't say so. A parent or
guardian must sign, and since I am
neither, it would be
inappropriate.
(a flicker of pity)
I'm sorry, Potter. But that's my
final word.
Ron and Hermione -- watching Harry expectantly from
across the way -- see him turn, shake his head. Their
faces fall. Harry raises his hand in farewell. Watches
them go.
PROFESSOR LUPIN (O.S.)
So. No Hogsmeade, eh ?
51 OMITTED 51
thru thru
54 54
55 EXT. BRIDGE (HOGWARTS GROUNDS) - MORNING (MOMENTS 55
LATER)
Deep in the distance, some BOYS skate about on brooms,
tossing a RAGGED QUAFFLE back and forth. CAMERA TILTS.
FINDS Harry and Lupin walking along the bridge.
PROFESSOR LUPIN
Well, don't feel too bad. I was
roundly disappointed the first
time I went.
HARRY
Really?
PROFESSOR LUPIN
No. I was just trying to make you
feel better. Honeydukes' sweets
are the best in the world. Their
Pepper Imps are so strong you
smoke at the ears. And Zonko's
Joke Shop may be dangerous, but
you can't beat their Stink
Pellets.
(CONTINUED)
43.
55 CONTINUED: 55
HARRY
(nodding glumly)
Not to mention The Shrieking
Shack, which, according to
Hermione, is the most severely
haunted building in Britain.
PROFESSOR LUPIN
Yes, that too...
HARRY
Professor, can I ask you
something?
PROFESSOR LUPIN
You'd like to know why I stopped
you from facing the Boggart.
(off Harry's surprise)
I should think it'd be obvious. I
assumed the Boggart would take the
shape of Lord Voldemort.
Harry frowns. Lupin studies him curiously.
PROFESSOR LUPIN
But clearly... I was wrong.
HARRY
I did think of Voldemort first.
But then, I remembered that night
on the train... and the
Dementors...
(CONTINUED)
PROFESSOR LUPIN
Well, well. I'm impressed. That
suggests that what you fear most
of all is... fear. Very wise.
HARRY
Before I fainted... I heard
something. A woman. Screaming.
PROFESSOR LUPIN
Dementors force us to relive the
worst memories of our lives. Our
pain becomes their power.
HARRY
I think it was my mother. The
night she was murdered.
Harry looks up. Finds Lupin studying him.
(CONTINUED)
44.
55 CONTINUED: (2) 55
PROFESSOR LUPIN
The first time I saw you, Harry, I
recognized you immediately. Not
by your scar. By your eyes.
They're your mother Lily's.
(nodding)
Yes. I knew her. She was there
for me at a time when no one else
was. We used to talk for hours.
She was not only a singularly
gifted witch but an uncommonly
kind woman. She had a way of
seeing the beauty in whoever she
met, even -- and perhaps most
especially -- when that person
couldn't see it in themselves...
Lupin's eyes glaze in memory, then he blinks, smiles.
PROFESSOR LUPIN
Which perhaps explains her
affection for your father. James
had, shall we say, a certain
talent for trouble. A gift, rumor
has it, he passed on to you.
Lupin turns, eyes Harry affectionately. Harry smiles
vaguely.
PROFESSOR LUPIN
I could tell you stories -- and
there are many about your parents,
Harry -- but know this...
(eyeing Harry intensely)
They lived. Every moment of every
day. You should know that.
That's how they'd want to be
remembered.
56 INT. GREAT HALL - EVENING (LATER) 56
The Hall buzzes with tales of Hogsmeade, as students swap
stories, sample sweets, and send SOAP BUBBLES of all
shapes, sizes and colors into the air. A MARIONETTE of a
HARLEQUIN cavorts atop the Gryffindor table, moving its
limbs in response to the STRANDS of LIGHT that extend
from Neville's fingertips. Seamus passes his hand
through the light beams and -- FLUMPH! -- the Harlequin
collapses.
(CONTINUED)
45.
56 CONTINUED: 56
HERMIONE
And the post office! It's about
200 owls, all sitting on colorcoded
shelves, depending on how
fast you want your letter to go!
RON
And Honeyduke's is brilliant!
Sugar Quills, Flaming Whizbees --
and blood-flavored lollipops for
Halloween!
Harry nods, picking quietly through the spray of
brilliantly colored sweets on the table. Hermione
notices.
HERMIONE
But, I mean, after awhile, it got
a bit boring. Don't you think,
Ron?
RON
Huh? Oh. Yeah. Dead depressing.
Hang on. I almost forgot. I got
you something wicked at Dervish
and Banges. It's a Pocket
Sneakoscope.
Ron places a SMALL GLASS SPINNING TOP on the table.
RON
If there's someone untrustworthy
around, it's meant to light up
and spin. Mind you, Fred and
George say it's rubbish, sold for
wizard tourists, but I thought,
you know, it can't
hurt, given that...
HARRY
Sirius Black's trying to kill me.
Harry looks up, GRINS at the two of them.
HARRY
I'm glad you had a good time.
Really. And thanks for this.
(eyeing the Sneakoscope)
Rubbish or not, you're right. It
can't hurt.
With that, Harry pops a PEPPER IMP into his mouth.
(CONTINUED)
46.
56 CONTINUED: (2) 56
RON
Oh, careful of those, they'll make
your...
On cue, SMOKE CURLS from Harry's ears and nose.
RON
Never mind.
57 INT. MOVING STAIRCASE/SEVENTH FLOOR CORRIDOR - NIGHT 57
(LATER)
As Harry, Ron, and Hermione climb the stairs, they find a
crowd gathering on the Seventh Floor landing.
RON
What's the hold-up? Only Neville
ever forgets the password.
PERCY
(pushing past)
Let me through, please. Excuse
me, thank you, I'm Head Boy...
(stopping dead)
Back! All of you! No one is to
enter this dormitory until it has
been fully searched!
Harry, Ron, and Hermione exchange dark glances, when...
Ginny emerges from the crowd, her face ashen.
GINNY
The Fat Lady... she's gone.
RON
Probably stuffing her face with
the apples in that still life on
the second floor again.
GINNY
No. You don't understand --
Hermione GASPS. GRABS Harry's arm. He looks. SEES:
The Fat Lady's portrait has been SLASHED VICIOUSLY, great
strips of canvas hanging from the frame. Just then,
Dumbledore appears.
DUMBLEDORE
Mr. Filch. Round up the ghosts.
Tell them to search every painting
in the castle for the Fat Lady.
(CONTINUED)
47.
57 CONTINUED: 57
Just then, there is a SCREAM. The students dash to the
landing, where all THE PAINTINGS WHISPER FEARFULLY.
Filch's rheumy eyes peer up, searching the upper shadows,
then... narrow.
FILCH
There'll be no need for
ghosts, Professor...
Filch extends a crooked finger. High up, near the
ceiling, the Fat Lady cowers in a portrait not her own,
trembling.
DUMBLEDORE
Dear lady. Who did this to you?
FAT LADY
(in a trance)
Eyes like the devil he's got. And
a soul as dark as his name. It
was him, Headmaster. The one they
talk about. He's here. Somewhere
in the castle. Sirius Black.
As the students REACT, Dumbledore's VOICE cuts through.
DUMBLEDORE
Secure the castle, Mr. Filch. The
rest of you... to the Great Hall.
58 MONTAGE - SECURING THE CASTLE - NIGHT 58
CLOCK TOWER DOOR: Great GROANING TUMBLERS fall.
SPINDLES rotate. CYLINDERS -- one after another -- fire
into place.
WINDOWS: Iron SPIKES, sharp as razors, rise instantly.
59 OMITTED 59
60 EXT. HOGWARTS CASTLE - CONTINUOUS ACTION - NIGHT 60
One by one, deep in the distance, the LIGHTS of the Great
Hall go out. Dementors appear, COVERING FRAME, then
separate like a curtain...
61 INT. GREAT HALL - NIGHT (HOURS LATER) 61
CAMERA DRIFTS THROUGH the silent room, OVER an ocean of
SLEEPING BAGS, FINDS Harry lying awake, staring at the
net of stars glimmering beyond the highest window.
(CONTINUED)
48.
61 CONTINUED: 61
A gentle CREAK is heard and Harry's eyes shift, see Snape
pass through the great doors, converge with Dumbledore.
SNAPE
I've done the dungeons,
Headmaster. No sign of Black.
Nor anywhere else in the castle.
DUMBLEDORE
(nodding)
I didn't really expect him to
linger.
SNAPE
Remarkable feat, don't you think?
To enter Hogwarts castle on one's
own, completely undetected...
Dumbledore gazes at the students, refusing to take the
bait.
SNAPE
You may recall, prior to the start
of term, I did express my concerns
when you appointed Professor --
DUMBLEDORE
I do not believe a single
professor inside this castle
would have helped Sirius
Black enter it, Severus.
As Snape's eyes glitter darkly, Dumbledore gazes out over
the slumbering students.
DUMBLEDORE
No... I feel quite confident the
castle is safe. And I'm more than
willing to let the students return
to their Houses. But tomorrow.
For now, let them sleep...
As Dumbledore's gaze finds Harry, he shuts his eyes,
feigns sleep.
DUMBLEDORE
It's astonishing what the body can
endure when the mind allows itself
to rest.
62 EXT. HOGWARTS CASTLE - DAY 62
The Whomping Willow idly casts off a few withering
leaves.
(CONTINUED)
49.
62 CONTINUED: 62
SIR CADOGAN (V.O.)
What villains are these that
trespass upon my private lands!
63 INT. GRYFFINDOR COMMON ROOM - MORNING 63
The Fat Lady has been replaced by a PAINTING of a TINY
KNIGHT (SIR CADOGAN). Stalking a bare stretch of grass
as his PONY grazes nearby, he brandishes his sword wildly
as a group of Gryffindors regard him warily.
SIR CADOGAN
Who dares challenge Sir Cadogan!
Back, you scurvy braggarts! You
rogues!
SEAMUS
He's barking mad!
DEAN THOMAS
What d'you expect? After what
happened to the Fat Lady, none of
the other pictures would take the
job.
NEVILLE
But he keeps changing the
password. Twice just this
morning! I've taken to keeping a
list.
As Neville holds up a wrinkled piece of parchment, Harry,
Ron and Hermione begin to exit.
SIR CADOGAN
Farewell, comrades! If ever you
have need of noble heart and
steely sinew, call upon Sir
Cadogan!
RON
Yeah, we'll call you... if we ever
need someone mental.
64 OMITTED 64
65 INT. LUPIN’S CLASSROOM - MORNING (LATER) 65
SNAP! Snape PULLS DOWN a SCREEN over the blackboard,
turns.
(CONTINUED)
50.
65 CONTINUED: 65
SNAPE
Turn to page 394.
As the students eye Snape with guarded curiosity, Malfoy
finishes SCRAWLING something on a bit of PARCHMENT and
balls it up in his hands. As he opens them, a MOTH
flutters from his palms.
HARRY
Excuse me, sir, but... where's
Professor Lupin?
SNAPE
That's not really your concern, is
it, Potter? Suffice it to say,
your Professor finds himself
incapable of teaching at the
present time. Page 394.
Snape waves the MOTH away, blows out a candle and a SLIDE
SHOW BEGINS. An ANCIENT WOODCUT of a HORRIFIC BEAST
flickers at the front of the room. Ron frowns down at
his book.
RON
Werewolves?
HERMIONE
But, sir, we've only just begun
learning about Red Caps and
Hinkypunks. We're not meant to
start nocturnal beasts for
weeks --
SNAPE
Quiet!
RON
(to Harry)
When did she come in? Did you see
her come in...
SNAPE
Now. Which of you can tell me the
difference between an Animagus and
a werewolf?
As the class stares mutely at a SLIDE of an ATTACKING
WEREWOLF, Hermione waiting desperately for someone to
respond to Snape's question, the moth flutters by Harry.
(CONTINUED)
51.
65 CONTINUED: (2) 65
SWAT! He pins it to his desk. A tiny cloud of moth dust
mushrooms into the air and Harry lifts his palm.
Malfoy's PARCHMENT has reappeared.
SNAPE
No one? How... disappointing.
HERMIONE
Please, sir, an Animagus is a wizard who elects to turn
into an animal. A werewolf has no choice in the matter.
Furthermore, the werewolf actively hunts humans and
responds only to the call of its own kind --
Malfoy lets out a LOW HOWL.
SNAPE
Quiet, Malfoy! Though one must
admit to feeling your pain. That
is the second time you have spoken
out of turn, Miss Granger. Tell
me. Are you incapable of
restraining yourself? Or do you
take pride in being an
insufferable know-it-all?
RON
(to Harry)
He's got a point, you know.
Harry stares at the parchment. Malfoy has drawn a crude
caricature of Harry in his Quidditch robes being STRUCK
BY LIGHTNING over and over.
SNAPE
Five points from Gryffindor!
(to the class)
As a antidote to your ignorance, I
prescribe two rolls of parchment
on the werewolf by Monday morning,
with particular emphasis placed on
recognizing it.
(suddenly)
Passing notes, Potter?
Snape SNATCHES the drawing from under Harry's nose. Eyes
it.
SNAPE
Not exactly Picasso, are you? I
hope you demonstrate more talent
on the Quidditch pitch this
weekend then you do as an artist.
(MORE)
(CONTINUED)
52.
65 CONTINUED: (3) 65
SNAPE (CONT’D)
If not, I fear you'll perish,
given the weather forecast. Until
that time, however, you'll forgive
me if I don't let you off
homework. Should you die, I
assure you... you need not hand it
in.
As Snape turns away, Malfoy sniggers with Crabbe, Coyle
and PIKE. Harry glances down at the drawing once more
and we hear a true RUMBLE of THUNDER and --
CUT TO:
... a STITCH OF LIGHTNING...
66 OMITTED 66
& &
67 67
68 EXT. QUIDDITCH PITCH - A STITCH OF LIGHTNING - DAY 68
as it strikes one of the GOLDEN QUIDDITCH RINGS and the
clouds bloom with ICY BLUE light. Far below, in the
stands, RAIN lashes the SEA OF UMBRELLAS. As one flies
free, soaring end over end into the sky, the...
... CROWD EXPLODES and two Quidditch squads -- Gryffindor
in SCARLET, Hufflepuff in CANARY-YELLOW -- shoot into the
air. Twin BLUDGERS FIRE skyward, and the match is on.
We CUT INTO Harry, rising like a rocket through the mist,
his robes SNAPPING VIOLENTLY in the wind.
INTERCUT HARRY’S POV
-- as he flies, RAIN falling like NEEDLES before him,
every dark cloud concealing potential danger. Beaters
crisscross his path. A BLUDGER WHIZZES past, then a
second ROCKETS DIRECTLY AT HIM.
SWOOP! -- Harry ducks, watches the BLUDGER SHATTER the
BROOM of a HUFFLEPUFF BEATER. The Beater goes into a
wild spiral, vanishes in the mist.
(CONTINUED)
53.
68 CONTINUED: 68
IN THE STANDS
Ron squints upward, the players little more than
STREAKING BLURS from his vantage. KA-SSSST! A STITCH OF
LIGHTNING strikes the TAIL of ANGELINA JOHNSON'S broom.
As it BURSTS into FLAMES, she PLUMMETS to the pitch. Ron
looks down at his own HAND. In the HIGHLY-CHARGED AIR,
the HAIR above his knuckles RISES.
In the sky, Harry flies fearlessly, searching for the
Snitch as Bludgers pierce the clouds above him and
CHASERS flit IN and OUT OF VIEW far below. Suddenly, in
the stands opposite, a BLACK UMBRELLA flies from the hand
of a RAVENCLAW GIRL. For a moment, it sails wondrously
through the heavy air, a Magritte dream, then -- WHOOP!
WHOOP! WHOOP! -- abruptly picks up speed, ROTATING LIKE
A HATCHET. Harry DUCKS, turns, and watches it disappear
into a bank of clouds. Then...
... something GLIMMERS: the Snitch. Instantly, Harry
jets off closing fast on the tiny, glimmering ball,
chasing it through one cloud... then another... and
another... until...
... he BREAKS into a clear patch of sky... only to find
the Snitch is gone. Angrily, Harry whips the Nimbus back
around, searching the horizon frantically, when he spies
something:
In the stadium's HIGHEST TOWER, something ENORMOUS
flickers briefly in SILHOUETTE, then is obscured by a
veil of mist.
Harry turns. In the distance, the stray umbrella spins
INTO VIEW, harpoons a player. Harry's eyes shift. The
SNITCH SHIMMERS like a FIREFLY in the dark underbelly of
a cloud. Harry begins to go... when the veil of mist
shrouding the high tower shifts and -- for one brief
moment -- a GREAT DOG is revealed. As this mist closes,
Harry frowns, jets away.
As Harry pelts after the Snitch, the crowd RISES TO THEIR
FEET, ROARING. Ron GRINS over the binoculars, watching
Harry shred the mist as he urges his broom on.
HARRY
Faster!
Come on!
The trace of a smile forms on Harry's lips as he closes
on the Snitch... only yards away... reaching out...
when...
(CONTINUED)
54.
68 CONTINUED: (2) 68
... a THIN GLAZE of ICE clouds his GLASSES. He wipes at
them, then flinches: BLOOD trickles down his cheek. The
rain is turning to needles. Needles of ice. Harry
glances at the HANDLE of his BROOMSTICK. The water
sluicing through the grain is FREEZING. VAPOR streams
from his mouth and nose.
SWOOSH! A dark SILHOUETTE passes on his right. He
turns. SWOOSH! -- a twin SILHOUETTE passes on his left.
Harry sees neither. Looks down. The layers of mist are
parting below. LIGHTNING STRIKES. Reveals: an ARMY OF
SILHOUETTES drifting onto the pitch. A vast legion of
them...
DEMENTORS.
A DISTANT WHISTLE weaves into the WIND, rises in pitch,
not a whistle at all, but a... SCREAM. A WOMAN'S SCREAM.
Harry's eyes flutter, and wisps of SILVERY WHITE LIGHT
float from his mouth. His glasses glaze over completely.
His fingers, rigid, can no longer grip the broom and...
He FALLS.
HERMIONE
No!!!
Harry and broom tumble in opposite directions.
The Nimbus soars end over end, tossed by the currents,
then drops... right into the Whomping Willow.
FLOOMPH! Harry, in freefall, drops through one cloud,
then another. Plummeting through the circling Dementors.
Then... a TALL FIGURE rises from the crowd. Raises an
OPEN HAND to the heavens. Eyes angry but clear.
Dumbledore.
An EXPLOSION -- more powerful than thunder -- rocks the
air.
A FLASH -- more fierce than lightning -- shocks the sky.
And then...
THE SCREEN GOES BLACK.
Not a sound. For the longest time. Then... VOICES:
RON
Looks a bit peaky, doesn't he?
(CONTINUED)
55.
68 CONTINUED: (3) 68
FRED
Peaky? What d'you expect him to
look like? He fell fifty feet.
GEORGE
Yeah, c'mon, Ron. We'll walk you
off the Astronomy Tower and see
how you come out looking.
HARRY
Probably a right sight better than
he normally does.
Harry opens his eyes and Ron, Fred, George, and Hermione
SLOWLY COME INTO FOCUS, standing at the foot of his bed
in the hospital wing.
HERMIONE
Harry! How're you feeling?
69 INT. HOSPITAL WING - DAY 69
As Harry edges up against his pillow, we see a NURSE in
the b.g., removing the SPOKES of an umbrella from a
Hufflepuff player's neck. Harry doesn't look so good
himself.
HARRY
Brilliant.
FRED
Gave us a right good scare, mate.
HARRY
What happened?
RON
You fell off your broom.
HARRY
Really? I meant the match. Who
won?
Silence. Uncomfortable glances.
HERMIONE
No one blames you, Harry. The
Dementors aren't meant to come on
the grounds. Dumbledore was
furious. After he saved you, he
sent them straight off.
(CONTINUED)
56.
69 CONTINUED: 69
Harry nods grimly, stares at the RAIN LASHING the window.
RON
There's something else you should
know, Harry. Your Nimbus -- when
it blew away? -- it sort of landed
in the Whomping Willow. And well...
He tips a BAG of SPLINTERED WOOD and TWISTED TWIGS onto
the bed. As Harry stares, we hear a gentle WIND, then...
PROFESSOR LUPIN (V.O.)
I'm sorry about your broom, Harry.
There's no chance of fixing it?
70 EXT. BLACK LAKE - LATE AFTERNOON 70
Harry shakes his head in response to Lupin's question,
then -- WHOOSH! -- sets Hedwig free of her traces. As
she soars into the sky, Harry and Lupin watch from the
lake's edge.
HARRY
Why do they affect me so,
Professor? I mean, more than
everyone else...
PROFESSOR LUPIN
Dementors are among the foulest
creatures that walk this earth.
They feed on every good feeling,
every happy memory, until a person
is left with nothing but his worst
experiences. You're not weak,
Harry. The Dementors affect you
most, because there are true
horrors in your past. Horrors
your classmates can scarcely
imagine. You have nothing to be
ashamed of.
HARRY
I'm scared, Professor.
PROFESSOR LUPIN
I'd consider you a fool if you
weren't.
(CONTINUED)
57.
70 CONTINUED: 70
HARRY
I need to learn how to fight them.
You could teach me, Professor.
You made that Dementor on the
train go away...
PROFESSOR LUPIN
There was only one that night...
HARRY
But you made it go away.
PROFESSOR LUPIN
(a beat)
I don't pretend to be an expert,
Harry. But yes, I can teach you.
Perhaps after the holiday. For
now, though, I need to rest. I'm
feeling... tired.
Harry turns, studies Lupin's haggard face. A weary smile
appears as Hedwig's reflection glides over Lupin's
irises.
PROFESSOR LUPIN
Beautiful...
Harry looks up, watches Hedwig pinwheel through the blue,
past the CLOCK TOWER and EXIT FRAME. CAMERA HOLDS, the
skies PALES, and SNOW begins to fall. We TILT DOWN...
70A EXT. HOGWARTS CASTLE - DAY (WEEKS LATER) 70A
... to Hogwarts castle, weeks later, dusted in white.
71 EXT./INT. CLOCK TOWER - DAY 71
Harry, framed in the window, stares out, looking forlorn.
In REFLECTION, SNOW falls on the glass.
HARRY’S POV
A ragged line of students follows McGonagall toward the
bridge. Harry's POV becomes OBJECTIVE and...
72 EXT. C LOCK TOWER COURTYARD - DAY 72
... FOOTPRINTS appear in the snow, moving quickly to join
the other students.
(CONTINUED)
58.
72 CONTINUED: 72
Suddenly, Fred and George appear, heading the opposite
way and... the FOOTPRINTS reverse themselves... as if
Fred and George were escorting an invisible person.
FRED
Clever, Harry.
GEORGE
But not clever enough.
FRED
Besides, we've got a better way.
73 INT. ENTRANCE HALL - DAY (MOMENTS LATER) 73
The great doors open and Fred and George enter. The
INVISIBILITY CLOAK drops and Harry is revealed, looking
cross. Instantly, Fred slaps a WORN ROLL OF PARCHMENT
into his hand. Harry unfurls it. Frowns. It's blank.
HARRY
What's this rubbish?
FRED
Rubbish he says. That there's the
secret to our success.
GEORGE
It's a wrench giving it to you,
believe me.
FRED
But we've decided your need's
greater than ours. George, if you
will...
GEORGE
I solemnly swear that I am up to
no good.
George touches his wand to the parchment and INTRICATE
INK LINES surface in the fiber of the paper, spread like
veins. Harry reads the CURIOUS WORDS at the top:
HARRY
'Messrs Moony, Wormtail, Padfoot
and Prongs are proud to present
The Marauder's Map'...?
GEORGE
Ah... Moony, Wormtail, Padfoot and
Prongs. We owe them so much.
(CONTINUED)
59.
73 CONTINUED: 73
HARRY
Hang on. This is Hogwarts! And
that... No. Is that really...
Harry points to a small MOVING DOT labeled "Dumbledore."
FRED
Dumbledore.
GEORGE
In his study.
FRED
Pacing.
GEORGE
Does that a lot.
HARRY
You mean, this map shows...
FRED
Everyone.
HARRY
Everyone?
GEORGE
Everyone.
FRED
Where they are.
GEORGE
What they're doing.
FRED
Every minute.
GEORGE
Of every day.
HARRY
Brilliant! Where'd you get it?
FRED
Nicked it from Filch's office, of
course, first year. Now listen.
There's seven secret passageways
out of the castle. But we'd
recommend...
(CONTINUED)
60.
73 CONTINUED: (2) 73
FRED/GEORGE
This one.
GEORGE
The One-Eyed Witch on the third
floor.
HARRY
The One-Eyed...
FRED
Witch, right. But you best hurry.
Filch is heading this way.
(as they go)
Oh. And, Harry? When you're
done, make sure to give it a tap
and say, 'Mischief managed.'
Otherwise, anyone can read it.
74 INT. DIVINATION STAIRWELL - DAY (MOMENTS LATER) 74
Harry approaches a STATUE of a hump-backed, ONE-EYED
WITCH.
INSERT MAP -- Harry traces his finger along the tattered
surface to an INK FIGURE labeled "Harry Potter." A tiny
SPEECH BUBBLE appears: "Dissendium."
HARRY
Dissendium?
CLICK! The witch's EYE OPENS and the statue pivots,
revealing a DARK OPENING in the floor. As Harry
crouches, squinting, a cool DRAFT OF AIR ruffles his hair
and the CAMERA DRIFTS INTO the DARKNESS...
75 INT. UNDERGROUND PASSAGEWAY - DAY (LATER) 75
A tiny LIGHT bobs in the distance, fracturing the
darkness, then Harry appears, the tip of his wand
GLOWING, map in hand. INSERT MAP: "Harry Potter" glides
across the parchment.
NEW ANGLE - DAY (LATER)
Harry stops, cranes his neck. STONE STEPS. Taps the map.
HARRY
Mischief managed.
61.
76 INT. HONEYDUKE’S SWEETSHOP - CELLAR - SAME TIME - DAY 76
CRATES. HUGE ROLLING BINS. A WOOD STAIRCASE. A
trapdoor lifts. Harry's eyes appear. As he pulls
himself up, a DOOR BANGS OPEN. Dense CHATTER ROARS from
above. Quickly, Harry hides, watches a MAN'S BOOTS
descend the stairs. Then...
WOMAN (O.S.)
A box of Jelly Slugs as well,
Horace. We're nearly cleared out.
HORACE grunts, begins moving boxes. Harry looks up to
the cellar door, takes out the invisibility cloak...
77 INT. HONEYDUKE’S SWEETSHOP - SAME TIME - DAY 77
The CELLAR DOOR EASES open -- but no one appears. We
TRACK THROUGH a sweet tooth's dream, SWARMING with
customers. Up ahead, Neville prepares to lick the
LOLLIPOP in his hand, when it simply floats from his
fingers and out the door...
78 EXT. MAIN STREET (HOGSMEADE VILLAGE) - CONTINUOUS 78
ACTION - DAY
... into the MISTY, FOG-SHROUDED chaos of Main Street.
As the lollipop drifts on, FOOTPRINTS appear in the snow
below...
79 EXT. SHRIEKING SHACK - DAY (LATER) 79
At this elevation, the MIST hangs in thick, undulating
veils, the Shrieking Shack an eerie silhouette in the
gloom. Ron and Hermione stand stiffly, attempting, as
best they can, to conceal the fact that, basically,
they're scared stiff.
HERMIONE
It's meant to be the most haunted
building in Britain. Did I
mention that?
RON
Twice.
HERMIONE
Should we move a bit closer?
RON
Huh? Oh... All right...
(CONTINUED)
62.
79 CONTINUED: 79
They take a step. One step. Stop dead.
RON
Actually, it's fine from here.
HERMIONE
Perfect.
Just then, VOICES ECHO and THREE FIGURES appear over the
rise, phantoms in the mist. Malfoy. Crabbe. Goyle.
Pike.
DRACO
Well, well. Look who's here. You
two shopping for your dream home?
Seems a bit grand for you, WeaselBee.
Don't your family all sleep
in one room?
RON
Shut your mouth, Malfoy.
DRACO
(clucking his tongue)
Now that's not very friendly.
Boys, I think we're going to have
to teach Weasel-Bee to respect his
superiors.
HERMIONE
(a harsh chuckle)
Hope you don't mean yourself.
Malfoy's eyes shift, regard Hermione with disgust.
DRACO
How dare you speak to me, you
filthy, little mud --
SPLAT! Malfoy takes a SNOWBALL to the grill. Splutters:
DRACO
Who did that!
Malfoy glances about in confusion, when -- SPLAT!
SPLAT! -- he takes two more. Hermione and Ron glance
about uneasily.
DRACO
Well, don't just stand there!
(CONTINUED)
63.
79 CONTINUED: (2) 7 9
Crabbe and Goyle start for Ron and Hermione, when --
FLUMPH! -- their knees go out and they fall headfirst
into the snow. Draco begins to back away fearfully,
eying the mist...
DRACO
Wait a minute, there's something
out here -- Aaaaaaahhhh!!!
Malfoy's SKI MASK is pulled over his eyes, he's spun
about, given a ROUGH KICK to the ass and sent stumbling
over the rise and out of sight. Instantly, Crabbe and
Goyle join him.
Ron and Hermione stand frozen, exchange a nervous glance,
and... DASH OFF... when -- FLUMPH! -- they both go
flying, land on their pants in the snow. As they sit up,
they hear...
LAUGHTER. Hermione's eyes narrow in suspicion.
HERMIONE
Harry?
Harry...?
The Invisibility Cloak drops. Sure enough. Harry.
Grinning.
RON
That was not
Bloody hell, Harry!
funny!
But he's smiling. They all are. As he and Hermione pelt
Harry with SNOWBALLS, we --
CUT TO:
80 EXT. MAIN STREET (HOGSMEADE VILLAGE) - DAY (MOMENTS 80
LATER)
The trio trudge through the SWIRLING SNOW. Harry's
donned Hermione's scarf and Ron's hat to disguise
himself.
RON
Those weasels! Never told me
about any Marauder's Map!
HERMIONE
But Harry isn't going to keep it.
He's going to turn it over to
Professor McGonagall, aren't you?
(CONTINUED)
64.
80 CONTINUED: 80
RON
Oh sure. Along with his
invisibility cloak, his pack of
exploding snap cards, his --
HERMIONE
Oh, shut up.
CORNELIUS FUDGE (O.S.)
Rosmerta, m'dear!
Up ahead Cornelius Fudge emerges from a MINISTRY SLEIGH
as Hagrid swings the door clear and -- with unfortunate
ease -- rips it clean off the fittings. Fudge joins
McGonagall and a CURVY BARMAID (ROSMERTA) outside the
THREE BROOMSTICKS PUB.
HERMIONE
That's Madam Rosmerta. Ron
fancies her.
RON
It's not true!
HARRY
Shhh.
CORNELIUS FUDGE
I trust business is good?
MADAM ROSMERTA
It'd be a right sight better if
the Ministry wasn't sending
Dementors into my pub every other
night.
CORNELIUS FUDGE
We have a killer on the loose.
MADAM ROSMERTA
Sirius Black? In Hogsmeade! And
what would bring him here?
CORNELIUS FUDGE
Harry Potter.
MADAM ROSMERTA
Harry Potter!
(CONTINUED)
65.
80 CONTINUED: (2) 80
Fudge looks around nervously, then jerks his head toward
the pub. As he leads Rosmerta and McGonagall inside,
we --
CUT BACK TO:
HERMIONE AND RON
RON
Harry?
He's gone. FOOTPRINTS track through the snow, into the pub.
81 INT. THREE BROOMSTICKS PUB - HARRY’S POV FROM UNDER THE 81
INVISIBILITY CLOAK - DAY (MOMENTS LATER)
... as he THREADS THROUGH the teeming pub, PAST a SIGN
("No Underage Wizards") and nearly collides with some
very STRANGE-LOOKING PATRONS. Ron and Hermione ripple
briefly past a frosted window, then... THREE SHRUNKEN
HEADS swing INTO VIEW.
SHRUNKEN HEAD #1
So I says to him, 'Careful, Ned.
Don't want to go losing your head!'
As the three heads CACKLE HYSTERICALLY, bobbing up and
down on their strings, Harry turns... just as an UNSHAVEN
WIZARD'S arm whips down and a DART goes WHISTLING right
toward Harry's eyes. Harry DUCKS, pivots, and -- THWOCK!
-- sees the dart pierce the cork of the disfigured
DARTBOARD behind him.
Harry hurries on, trailing Fudge and McGonagall up a DARK
STAIRWELL as Rosmerta leads them into a small BACK ROOM.
As the door starts to close, Harry rushes forward: SLAM!
Too late. CAMERA TILTS. The KNOB turns, the door
opens...
82 INT. THREE BROOMSTICKS PUB - CARD ROOM - DAY 82
... and SNOW flutters off the sill of a HALF-OPEN WINDOW.
McGonagall turns, frowning, and re-closes the door,
harder this time, then joins Fudge and Rosmerta. HARRY'S
POV SHIFTS FROM one TO the other as they speak.
MADAM ROSMERTA
Come on then. Let's hear it.
(CONTINUED)
66.
82 CONTINUED: 82
PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
Years ago, when Harry Potter's
parents were marked for death,
they went into hiding. Few knew
where they were. One who did was
black. And he told...
MADAM ROSMERTA
You-Know-Who. I've heard this
rot. It was all over The Daily
Prophet back in the day. And I'll
say now what I said then: Of all
the boys I ran out of here,
Black's the last who would've gone
over to the dark side. Hearsay.
That's all the Ministry had.
Hearsay.
CORNELIUS FUDGE
Ha! Tell that to Peter Pettigrew!
MADAM ROSMERTA
Peter Pettigrew?
PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
Little lump of a boy? Always
tagging after Black and...
MADAM ROSMERTA
I remember him. What's he got to
do with it?
PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
After the Potters were killed,
Pettigrew went looking for Black.
And, unfortunately... found him.
CORNELIUS FUDGE
Black was vicious. He didn't kill
Pettigrew. He destroyed him. A
finger. That's all that was left.
A finger -- there's your hearsay.
Rosmerta looks to McGonagall. She nods grimly.
PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
Sirius Black may not have put his
hands to the Potters, but he's the
reason they're dead. And now he
wants to finish what he started.
MADAM ROSMERTA
Harry.
(CONTINUED)
67.
82 CONTINUED: (2) 82
McGonagall nods, then looks pained.
CORNELIUS FUDGE
But that's not the worst of it.
MADAM ROSMERTA
What could be worse?
PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
This: Sirius Black was and
remains today... Harry Potter's
godfather.
BLAM! The pub doors fly open, REVEAL Main Street, where
Ron and Hermione wait, rubbing their hands against the
chill. As they look down, CAMERA TILTS...
83 EXT. MAIN STRE ET (HOGSMEADE VILLAGE) - MOMENTS LATER - 83
DAY
... and FOOTPRINTS appear in the snow. HARRY'S POV ENDS.
CAMERA TILTS UP, FOLLOWS Hermione and Ron until they
LEAVE FRAME, then HOLDS ON a POSTER of BLACK, fluttering
against a lamppost: "Have you seen this wizard?"
84 EXT. OUTSKIRTS OF TOWN - DAY (MOMENTS LATER) 84
At the end of a ROCKY OUTCROP, the FOOTPRINTS end and
SOBS are heard. Ron takes Hermione's arm, discouraging
her from going further, but she does, filling the
footprints with her own, then kneeling and -- very gently
-- drawing the cloak from Harry. He stares into the
mist, eyes stinging with tears.
HARRY
He was their friend. And he
betrayed them. He was their
friend.
(eyes hardening)
I hope he finds me. But when he
does, I'm going to be ready. When
he does, I'm going to kill him.
85 EXT. HOGWARTS CASTLE - DUSK (TRANSITION TO SPRING) 85
Butterflies flutter over the great green lawn. The GIANT
SQUID breaks through the last GLAZE of ICE on the Black
Lake. The Whomping Willow shakes the water from its
branches...
68.
86 INT. ASTRONOMY ROOM - DUSK 86
The DYING SUN streams through high windows, painting
Harry's face a fierce AMBER-RED as he stands opposite
Lupin. ANCIENT CHARTS drape the walls while gleaming
SPHERES OF SPUN GLASS ORBIT one another silently. Lupin
paces before a LARGE TRUNK.
PROFESSOR LUPIN
You're sure about this, Harry?
This is very advanced magic. Well
beyond Ordinary Wizarding Level.
HARRY
If Black can fight the Dementors,
I need to know how too.
Lupin studies Harry -- as if conflicted -- then decides.
PROFESSOR LUPIN
Very well. The spell I'm going to
teach you is called the Patronus
Charm. Ever hear of it?
Harry shakes his head.
PROFESSOR LUPIN
A Patronus is a kind of positive
force. For the wizard who can
conjure one, the Patronus works
something like a shield. The
Dementor feeds on it instead of
him.
Just then, the trunk RATTLES VIOLENTLY. As Harry's eyes
wander, Lupin SNAPS his fingers, brings his attention
back.
PROFESSOR LUPIN
But in order for it to work, you
must think of a memory. And not
just any. This memory needs to be
a very happy one. And powerful.
Harry thinks a bit. Then... nods.
PROFESSOR LUPIN
Got something? Good. Let it fill
you up. Lose yourself in it.
Then speak the incantation:
Expecto Patronum. Without your
wand...
HARRY
Expecto Patronum...
(CONTINUED)
69.
86 CONTINUED: 86
PROFESSOR LUPIN
Right then. Shall we?
Harry nods, raises his wand. Lupin, watching closely,
reaches over, grips the lid of the TRUNK...
PROFESSOR LUPIN
Concentrate, Harry.
Concentrate...
As Lupin FLINGS open the case, Harry OPENS HIS EYES. In
the sun's BLOOD-LIGHT, the Dementor looks particularly
horrific.
HARRY
Expecto... Patronum...
The torches on the wall FLICKER as a CHILL BREEZE fills
the chamber. A SCREAM ECHOES distantly. Harry's hand
trembles. His eyes begin to roll up...
HARRY
Expecto... Expecto...
PROFESSOR LUPIN
Here!
CRACK! -- the Dementor mutates into a SILVERY WHITE ORB.
PROFESSOR LUPIN
Riddikulus!
Lupin flicks his wand, sends the orb back into the
packing case. Harry stands blinking. Dazed. Lupin
fishes a CHOCOLATE FROG from his pocket. Presses it into
Harry's trembling hand.
PROFESSOR LUPIN
Quickly.
Harry studies the frog. Takes a bite. Begins to
recover.
HARRY
That's one nasty Dementor.
PROFESSOR LUPIN
Boggart, Harry. The real thing
would be much, much worse. Just
out of interest, what were you
thinking of? What memory did you
choose?
(CONTINUED)
70.
86 CONTINUED: (2) 86
HARRY
The first time I rode a broom.
PROFESSOR LUPIN
That's not good enough, Harry.
Not nearly.
Harry glances toward the window, at the bloody sun.
HARRY
There's another. It's not happy
exactly. I mean, it is. It's the
happiest I've ever felt. But
it's... complicated.
PROFESSOR LUPIN
Is it strong?
Harry looks up into Lupin's eyes. Emotional. Nods.
PROFESSOR LUPIN
Then let's try it.
Harry takes a breath. Tosses the frog aside. Poises
himself.
PROFESSOR LUPIN
Think, Harry, think --
HARRY
Just do it!
Lupin blinks at Harry's quiet fierceness. Opens the
packing case. Instantly, the Dementor appears again. A
chill fills the air. The hair skates off Harry's scar.
He sets his jaw...
HARRY
Expecto Patronum!
Harry's hand TREMBLES. His whole BODY TREMBLES. But he
holds his ground, when -- WHOOSH! -- a huge SILVER SHADOW
BURSTS from the end of his wand, hovering between him and
the Dementor. The Dementor falters... Harry's legs like
water...
PROFESSOR LUPIN
Riddikulus!
CRACK! The Dementor vanishes. Harry's arm drops.
Slack. Lupin eyes Harry with a kind of awe. His voice
barely a WHISPER.
(CONTINUED)
71.
86 CONTINUED: (3) 86
PROFESSOR LUPIN
Well done.
HARRY
I think I've had enough. For
today.
Lupin nods. Watches Harry move to the door.
PROFESSOR LUPIN
So you know, Harry: You'd have
given your father a run for his
money. And, believe me, that's
saying something.
Harry ponders this. Then speaks, deep inside himself.
HARRY
I was thinking of him. And Mum.
Seeing their faces. They're just
talking to me. Just... talking.
That was the memory I chose. I
don't even know if it's real...
Harry grips the door, pushes past.
HARRY
But it's the best I have.
87 INT. TOWER DORMITORY - NIGHT 87
All the boys asleep.
All except Harry, who lies in bed, studying the photo of
his parents, barely visible in the fluttering light of a
guttering candle. As the FLAME DIES with a soft HISS,
all goes BLACK and we --
CUT TO:
88 EXT. HOGWARTS CASTLE - NIGHT (LATER) 88
A hulking, haunted goliath against the sky.
89 EXT. COURTYARD - NIGHT 89
A cautious breeze rises. Leaves scud across the gravel.
90 INT. GREAT HALL - NIGHT 90
A church. Empty. Silent.
72.
91 INT. SEVENTH FLOOR CORRIDOR - NIGHT 91
A WINDOWPANE RATTLES, up high, the corridor thatched in
shadow. Slowly... CAMERA BEGINS TO MOVE. CREEPING
FORWARD. A SHADOW ENGULFS Sir Cadogan, dozing against
his tree...
92 INT. TOWER DORMITORY - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER) 92
A WHISTLE SHRIEKS. The Sneakoscope, whirling madly,
skitters across the bedside cabinet and -- CLICK! CLICK!
CLICK! -- taps against a WATER GLASS, sending shafts of
RED LIGHT pinwheeling over the photo of Harry's
parents...
RON
Aaaahhhh!
Harry BOLTS UP, sees a SILHOUETTE etched on the window --
a MAN CLUTCHING A KNIFE. All the boys are up now.
Screaming. Amid the chaos, Harry grabs his wand.
HARRY
Everybody out!
The others flee. Harry faces the HULKING SHADOW, wand
poised.
HARRY
Show yourself.
Crash! The water GLASS SHATTERS on the floor and
Scabbers darts past Harry's bare feet, chased by
Crookshanks. Seizing the moment, the SILHOUETTE grasps
the curtains and swings through the open window, plunging
into the night. Harry rushes to the window, looks down.
92A EXT. GRYFFINDOR TOWER - CONTINUOUS ACTI ON - NIGHT 92A
The SILHOUETTE leaps from ledge to ledge with an animal's
grace, then... vanishes.
92B INT. TOWER DORMITORY - CONTINUOUS ACTION - NIGHT 92B
Harry sweeps Ron's curtains aside. His bed is... empty.
HARRY
Ron!
Ron!
Harry's eyes flash toward the window, when... Ron pokes
his head out from under the bed.
RON
Is he gone?
73.
93 INT. GRYFFINDOR COMMON ROOM - NIGHT (LATER) 93
The entire Gryffindor House, in pajamas, stand before
McGonagall, who wears a TARTAN ROBE and an expression of
singular irritation.
PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
That's preposterous, Weasley. How
could Sirius Black possibly have
got through the portrait hole?
RON
I don't know how he got in! I was
a bit busy dodging his knife!
Just then, a curiously content Crookshanks wends his way
through Ron's legs.
RON
And this bloody cat ate my rat!
HERMIONE
That's a lie!
RON
It is not and you bloody well know it!
PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
Silence!
McGonagall turns then and everyone follows her eye to Sir
Cadogan who, sensing the attention, perks up instantly.
DUMBLEDORE
Sir Cadogan. Is it possible that
you let a mysterious man enter
Gryffindor Tower tonight?
SIR CADOGAN
Certainly, good lady! He had the
password. Had the whole week's,
in fact. On a little piece of
paper.
PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
Which abysmally foolish person
wrote down the passwords and then
proceeded to lose them!
Every eye shifts once more: Neville. McGonagall sighs.
PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
Is it always going to be you,
Longbottom?
(CONTINUED)
74.
93 CONTINUED: 93
NEVILLE
I'm afraid so, ma'am.
PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
(to the group at large)
While we know Sirius Black is gone
tonight, I think you can safely
assume he will, at some future
time, attempt to return. Let me
be clear. You are not to move
about the castle alone. And you
are not to write down the
password! Understood!
A collective nod of the head. McGonagall gives the ties
of her robe a sharp tug, collects herself, and exits.
PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
Very well then. Go to bed.
As the students drift off, Ron casts a last angry glance
toward Hermione, who now holds Crookshanks in her arms.
HARRY
I could've killed him.
Hermione turns, sees Harry staring out the window.
HARRY
He was right there. Close enough to touch.
I could've killed him.
94 OMITTED 94
thru thru
96 96
96A EXT. SLOPE - DAY 96A
The trio make their way down the slope.
RON
I find it astonishing that someone
who prides herself on being so
logical can be in such denial.
HERMIONE
Harry. Will you explain to your
friend Ronald that he has
absolutely no proof whatsoever
that my sweet, unassuming cat ate
his shabby, decidedly decrepit
rat.
(CONTINUED)
75.
96A CONTINUED: 96A
RON
Harry was there! He'll tell you
how it was. Go on, Harry, tell
her.
HARRY
No, I won't. Know why? Because I
don't care about your stupid rat!
I don't care about your stupid
cat! I've got few other things on
my mind right now!
RON
Really? Wasn't you had to roll
under the bed last night to avoid
getting cut to ribbons! A person
could die being your friend,
Harry!
Ron stops, wishes he could take it back. They all wish
he could. Avoiding each other's eyes, they turn,
continue on.
97 EXT. BLACK LAKE - DAY (MOMENTS LATER) 97
Hagrid, wearing a GIGANTIC, HAIRY BROWN SUIT and perhaps
the world's ugliest YELLOW AND ORANGE TIE, stands knee
deep in the shallows of the Black Lake, skimming rocks as
big as flagstones across the water's shiny gloss. As he
turns, the trio catches a brief sight of his eyes, red
with tears, then he looks away.
HERMIONE
How'd it go, Hagrid?
HAGRID
Buckbeak liked London.
HERMIONE
I meant the hearing.
HAGRID
Oh. That. Well, I got up an'
said my bit -- You know, how
Buckbeak was a good Hippogriff an'
as long as yeh treated 'im with
respect, he'd treat you the same.
Then Lucius Malfoy got up an' said
his bit -- you know, how Buckbeak
was a deadly dangerous beast that
no teacher in their righ' mind
would expose their students to...
(CONTINUED)
76.
97 CONTINUED: 97
HERMIONE
(dreading it)
And...?
Hagrid slings another rock into water.
HERMIONE
You mustn't blame yourself,
Hagrid.
RON
Draco. It's him the Committee
should punish. It's him they
should send off to the forest, not
Buckbeak.
HAGRID
Buckbeak's not going back to the
forest...
HERMIONE
(dreading the answer)
Where's he going, Hagrid?
HAGRID
He asked fer the worse, yeh see,
Lucius Malfoy did. An' the
Committee granted it. Buckbeak's
bin sentenced ter death.
98 EXT. HOGWARTS CASTLE - NIGHT 98
Dark. Ominous. Dementors drift in the distance.
Restless...
99 INT. TOWER DORMITORY - NIGHT 99
Silent. A room of shadows. While those around him
slumber, Harry lies awake, unable to sleep. Finally, he
turns to his cupboard, takes the Marauder's Map.
WHISPERS:
HARRY
I solemnly swear that I am up to
no good.
The crooked corridors and serpentine passageways of
Hogwarts radiate across the parchment, then... a TINY DOT
catches Harry's eye. He frowns. It reads: "Peter
Pettigrew."
77.
100 INT. CORRIDOR - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER) 100
Harry moves down a DARK corridor, map in hand, WAND
AGLOW. In the PAINTINGS he passes, the subjects SNORE
SOFTLY.
INSERT - MARAUDER’S MAP
"Harry Potter" and "Peter Pettigrew" draw closer and
closer.
BACK TO SCENE
Harry squints toward the end of the corridor. Down at
the map. Pettigrew moves quickly down the adjoining
corridor. Twenty yards away. Ten. Only seconds away...
Wand trembling in his hand, Harry glances from the map to
the dark corridor ahead, again and again. Then... as the
two DOTS are about to collide... he looks slowly up...
turns the corner... heart in his chest... and meets...
HIMSELF
... reflected in a MIRROR. He BLINKS, startled, then
glances back down at the map. Pettigrew has moved past
him. Confused, Harry wheels, casts his wand along the
walls.
VOICE (O.S.)
Watch it there, boy!
Harry JUMPS. But it's only an OLD MAN in a PAINTING,
scowling in the glare of Harry's wand light. On the map,
"Pettigrew" continues to move away. Harry makes to
follow, then stops. HEARS FOOTSTEPS. The WAND'S SPOT
dances across the parchment, finds another DOT.
Approaching FAST: "Severus Snape."
HARRY
Mischief managed!
Harry stashes the map, extinguishes his wand, and
turns... into the harsh glare of Snape's wand.
SNAPE
Potter. What're you doing
wandering the corridors at night?
HARRY
I was... I was... sleepwalking...
A sneer curdles the corners of Snape's lips.
(CONTINUED)
78.
100 CONTINUED: 100
SNAPE
How extraordinarily like your
father you are, Potter. He, too,
was exceedingly arrogant.
Strutting about the castle --
HARRY
My dad didn't strut. Nor do I.
Now, if you don't mind, I'd
appreciate you lowering your wand.
Snape eyes Harry coldly. Containing himself. Lowers his
wand.
SNAPE
Turn out your pockets.
Harry doesn't move, eyes still boring into Snape.
SNAPE
Turn out your pockets!
Finally, Harry obliges. Seeing the map, Snape's eyes
glitter.
SNAPE
And this. What might it be?
HARRY
Spare bit of parchment...
SNAPE
Really...
(poising his wand)
Reveal your secret!
To Harry's horror, words begin to appear. Snape studies
him, a sadistic half-smile on his lips. Turns the map
his way.
SNAPE
Read it.
HARRY
'Messrs. Moony, Wormtail, Padfoot
and Prongs offer their compliments
to Professor Snape and...'
SNAPE
Go on.
(CONTINUED)
79.
100 CONTINUED: (2) 100
HARRY
'... and request that he keep his
abnormally large nose out of other
people's business.'
SNAPE
(smile drooping)
Why you insolent little --
PROFESSOR LUPIN
Professor...?
Snape turns. Sees Lupin standing in the shadows.
SNAPE
Well, well. Lupin. Out for a little
walk in the moonlight, are we?
PROFESSOR LUPIN
Harry? You all right?
SNAPE
That remains to be seen. I've
just now confiscated a rather
curious artifact from Mr. Potter.
Take a look, Lupin. This is
supposed to be your area of
expertise.
Lupin takes the parchment, which now displays a rather
unflattering caricature of Snape and a pair of potions.
SNAPE
Clearly, it's full of Dark Magic.
PROFESSOR LUPIN
I seriously doubt that, Severus.
It looks to me as if it merely
insults anyone who tries to read
it. I suspect it's a Zonko
product. Nevertheless, I shall
pursue any hidden qualities it may
possess. As you say, it's my area
of expertise. Come, Harry.
101 INT. CORRIDOR/LUPIN’S OFFICE - EVENING (MOMENTS LATER) 101
Harry walks aside a fuming Lupin, who grips the map
fiercely.
(CONTINUED)
80.
101 CONTINUED: 101
PROFESSOR LUPIN
I don't know how this map came to
be in your possession, Harry, but
I'm astounded that you didn't turn
it in. Did you ever stop to think
that this -- in the hands of
Sirius Black -- is a map to you?
Harry walks silently. Lupin can barely contain his anger.
PROFESSOR LUPIN
Your father didn't set much store
by rules either. But he and your
mother did give their lives to
save yours. Gambling their
sacrifice by walking about the
castle unprotected, with a killer
on the loose, strikes me as a poor
way to repay them. I won't cover
up for you again, Harry.
Lupin enters his office, tosses the map on his desk, and
begins to sort through some papers. Harry lingers
briefly in the doorway, absently eyes the WAXING MOON
that glimmers beyond the window, then starts to turn
away. Stops.
HARRY
Professor. Just so you know, I
don't think the map always works.
Earlier, it showed someone in the
castle. Someone I know to be dead.
PROFESSOR LUPIN
(only half-listening)
And who was that, Harry?
HARRY
Peter Pettigrew.
Lupin hesitates ever-so-slightly, then returns to his
papers.
PROFESSOR LUPIN
Very well. I'd like you to return
to your dormitory now. Oh, and
Harry? Don't take any detours.
As Harry looks back, Lupin taps the map.
PROFESSOR LUPIN
If you do. I'll know.
CUT TO:
(CONTINUED)
81.
101 CONTINUED: (2) 101
CLOSEUP - CRYSTAL BALL
murky with smoke.
PROFESSOR TRELAWNEY (V.O.)
Relax... Let your mind... go...
102 INT. DIVINATION CLASSROOM - MORNING 102
The students gaze into CRYSTAL BALLS, faces reflecting
the mist within, so that their very skin seems to be made
of smoke.
Conspicuously, Harry, Ron and Hermione sit apart.
PROFESSOR TRELAWNEY
Crystal-gazing requires that you
clear the Inner Eye. Only then,
will you... See. Oh my, what do
we have here...?
As Trelawney eyes Harry's crystal, Hermione rolls her
eyes.
HERMIONE
Here we go again. It's the Grim!
It's the Grim!
PROFESSOR TRELAWNEY
(eyes narrowing)
My dear, from the moment you first
arrived in my class, I sensed that
you did not possess the proper
spirit for the noble art of
Divination. You may be young in
years, but the heart that beats
beneath your bosom is as shriveled
as an old maid's, your soul as dry
as the pages of the books to which
you so desperately cleave.
Stung, Hermione starts to reply, but -- remarkably --
seems incapable of a single word. Rising gracelessly,
she exits, knocking her crystal ball to the floor. Harry
watches curiously as the ball rolls slowly OUT the
doorway...
LAVENDER
'In late spring, one of our number
will leave us forever!' You knew,
Professor! You saw.
PROFESSOR TRELAWNEY
On these occasions, I take no joy
in my gift, Miss Brown.
82.
102A EXT. DIVINATION CLASSROOM - MORNING (LATER) 102A
As the students exit, Ron, walking separately from Harry,
turns to Neville.
RON
She's gone mental, Hermione has.
I mean, not that she wasn't always
mental, but now it's out in the
open for everyone to see...
Ron stops, glances at Harry, then moves off. Harry
watches him go, along with the others, then spies
Hermione's crystal ball lying on the landing.
102B INT. DIVINATION CLASSROOM - DAY (MOMENTS LATER) 102B
Harry sets Hermione's crystal back on its stand, starts
to go, when... the SMOKE within the crystal suddenly
DARKENS. Leaning close, Harry watches the shape that
appears. It is unmistakable: Sirius Black. Just then,
a SHADOW crawls the glossy surface of the crystal and...
... a HAND SNATCHES Harry's shoulder. He wheels,
finds...
HARRY
Professor Trelawney --
PROFESSOR TRELAWNEY
He will return tonight....
Harry stiffens. Trelawney's voice is eerily HOLLOW.
HARRY
S-sorry?
PROFESSOR TRELAWNEY
Tonight, when the clock strikes
twelve, the servant shall break
free. He and his Master shall be
reunited. It cannot be prevented.
Trelawney smiles savagely... then her head falls forward.
When it rises, she blinks, eyes the hand that lies upon
Harry's shoulder. Her hand.
PROFESSOR TRELAWNEY
So sorry, dear boy. Did you say
something?
Her voice is normal once more. Harry shakes his head.
HARRY
No. Nothing.
83.
103 INT. DIVINATION STAIRWELL - DAY (MOMENTS LATER) 103
Harry -- clearly unsettled by his encounter with
Trelawney -- hastens down the stairs, and we...
FADE OUT.
104 INT. C LOCKTOWER COURTYARD - DAY (LATER) 104
SWOOK! SWOOK! We FADE UP ON a MOVING POV OF a CROW as
it glides to the flock circling the feet of a POT-BELLIED
MAN (THE EXECUTIONER) sitting in the courtyard. As he
sharpens his AXE -- SWOOK! SWOOK! -- we --
CUT TO:
HARRY, RON AND HERMIONE
hurrying past. The Executioner looks up and we --
CUT TO:
105 EXT. HOGWARTS CASTLE - BRIDGE - LATE AFTERNOON 105
... Harry, leading Ron and Hermione toward Hagrid's hut.
HERMIONE
I can't believe they're going to
kill Buckbeak! It's too horrible.
HARRY
It just got worse.
She and Ron look and SEE:
106 EXT. SUNDIAL GARDEN - CONTINUOUS ACTION - LATE 106
AFTERNOON
Malfoy, along with Crabbe and Goyle, lurks within a
grouping of monolithic menhirs, BINOCULARS in hand,
spying on Hagrid, who stands in the pumpkin patch,
tossing dead ferrets to Buckbeak. Hagrid wipes his eyes,
lopes into the hut.
DRACO
Did you see the big, fat
blubbering oaf?! Oh, this is
going to be rich. Did I tell you,
Father said I can keep the head --
(looking up)
Ah. Come to see the show?
(CONTINUED)
84.
106 CONTINUED: 106
HERMIONE
You... foul... loathsome...
evil... little cockroach...
Malfoy stumbles back against a tree, cross-eyed with fear
as Hermione jabs the tip of her wand under his nose,
when...
RON
Hermione! No!
She turns, surprised Ron's spoken to her. He looks away.
RON
He's not worth it.
Hermione nods, then -- SMACK! -- quick as lightning,
lands a looping right to Malfoy's jaw, putting him flat
on his back. Stunned, he leaps to his feet and runs,
Crabbe and Goyle huffing and puffing behind.
HERMIONE
That felt good.
107 EXT. SLOPE/PUMPKIN PATCH - LATE AFTERNOON (MOMENTS 107
LATER)
The trio makes their way down the slope and past
Buckbeak, chewing on a ferret with idle satisfaction.
108 INT. HAGRID’S HUT - LATER (LATE AFTERNOON/DUSK) 108
Hagrid stands by the window watching Buckbeak. Harry and
Ron sit. Hermione makes tea.
HAGRID
Look at 'em. Loves the smell
o' the trees when the wind
blows...
HARRY
I say we set him free.
HAGRID
(shaking his head)
They'd know I did it. And tha'
would only get Dumbledore in
trouble. Gonna come down, yeh
know. Says he wants ter be with
me when it... when it happens.
Great man, Dumbledore.
(CONTINUED)
85.
108 CONTINUED: 108
HERMIONE
We'll stay with you too, Hagrid.
HAGRID
Yeh will not! Think I wan' yeh
seein' a thing like this! No.
Yeh'll drink yer tea an' be off.
But before yeh do -- I wan' ter
see you an' Ron shake hands,
Harry.
Ron and Harry exchange a glance, then look to Hagrid.
HAGRID
Thin' I haven' seen 'ow it's bin
betw'n you two? Go on now...
Reluctantly, Harry and Ron extend their hands. Shake.
HAGRID
Good. Now then. Ron, I wan' ter
see you give Hermione a hug.
HERMIONE/RON
What!
HAGRID
Go on! You two've been at it all
year. An' I'm sick o' it.
Acutely uncomfortable, Hermione and Ron step forward and
perform perhaps the most awkward hug Hogwarts has ever
seen.
HAGRID
Crikey, tha's jus' abou' the most
pathetic hug I e'er seen. But yeh
did it, an' tha's wha' matters.
There's jus' one other thing...
RON
I'm not kissing Fang if that's
what you're thinking...
Hearing his name, FANG -- Hagrid's giant boarhound --
THUMPS his tail happily on the floor. Hagrid turns,
takes the lid from a FLOUR TIN, A TINY HEAD, ears flecked
with powder, emerges.
RON
Scabbers! You're alive!
(CONTINUED)
86.
108 CONTINUED: (2) 108
HAGRID
Yeh should keep a closer eye on
yer pets, Ron.
HERMIONE
I think you owe someone an
apology.
RON
Right. Next time I see
Crookshanks, I'll let him know.
HERMIONE
I meant me.
HAGRID
Crikey. Here we go agin...
SMASH! A GLASS JAR on the SHELF SHATTERS. As Hermione
scoops up a JAGGED STAR-SHAPED STONE, a second STONE
bounces off the back of Harry's head.
HARRY
Ow!
Harry turns, looks out the window.
HARRY
Hagrid...
Everyone turns. Looks. Dumbledore and Fudge approach.
Behind them, in a fluttering shroud of CROWS, the
Executioner follows, axe at his side. Hagrid begins to
panic.
HAGRID
Yeh got to go! It's almost dark.
Anyone sees yeh outside the castle
it'll be trouble! Big trouble!
'Specially you, Harry --
BANG! BANG! BANG! The door SHAKES. Hagrid stiffens in
fear. Harry reaches up, puts his finger to Hagrid's
trembling lips, speaks softly to the others.
HARRY
C'mon.
109 EXT. HAGRID’S HUT - PUMPKIN PATCH - WIDE SHOT - DUSK 109
(MOMENTS LATER)
As the trio exit through the back door, Fudge, Dumbledore
and the Executioner enter through the front.
(CONTINUED)
87.
109 CONTINUED: 109
A veil of crows flutters onto the roof. More drop into
the patch, begin to slowly circle Buckbeak.
Harry and the others duck behind the pumpkins, watch
Hagrid solemnly greet the others. Fudge appears at the
window. Picks his nose. Just then, a Shhh! is heard.
Hermione turns. The branches of the trees behind her are
DANCING ODDLY.
HARRY
What?
HERMIONE
Nothing, I just thought I saw...
Never mind.
110 EXT. SUNDIAL GARDEN - DUSK (MOMENTS LATER) 110
The trio slip silently into a stand of trees. Beyond
them, Hagrid's hut glimmers desolately in the dying sun.
High in the CLOCK TOWER, a BELL begins to TOLL.
DING!
DING!
DING!
The trio stops, fighting their tears. A QUARTET OF BLEAK
SHADOWS files from the hut. One of the SHADOWS --
Dumbledore -- raises his hand and points, directing the
attention of the others away from Buckbeak. Dumbledore
speaks briefly -- unintelligible from this distance,
then -- CAW! CAW! -- The crows SHRIEK excitedly and the
Executioner separates from the others, disappears behind
a LOW STAND OF TREES.
DING!
All goes very still. The wind loses its voice...
DING!
Sunlight kicks off the axe as it rises over the trees,
INTO VIEW...
DING!
The ax hangs seemingly forever, etched against the sky,
then drops from sight. A SICKENING CHOP! fouls the
breeze and Ron and Harry stare toward the trees in numb
disbelief. Hermione, face turned away, trembles...
(CONTINUED)
88.
110 CONTINUED: 110
DING!
The SUN sets, dropping behind the mountains in the
distance. Hermione turns. Sees a frenzied spray of
crows stain the bloody sky, their PRIMAL SHRIEKING rising
like a curse.
Slowly, Hermione's hand falls onto Ron's shoulder and
CAMERA FALLS WITH her, CONTINUING DOWN the length of
Ron's arm to his hand, where a DROP OF BLOOD hangs from
his finger, drops like a tear...
DING!
Ron stares at his hand. At the blood running down his
finger.
RON
He bit me...
His eyes shift. See Scabbers streaking away.
HERMIONE
Ron! No!
As Ron pelts after Scabbers, Harry and Hermione give
chase.
110A EXT. RIDGE - CONTINUOUS ACTION - DUSK 110A
Ron reaches the summit, disappears over the top.
Hermione and Harry follow.
110B EXT. WHOMPING WILLOW - CONTINUOUS ACTION - DUSK 110B
Harry and Hermione reach the top of the ridge. Stop.
HERMIONE
Harry. You do realize what tree
this is...
Ron nabs Scabbers, cradles him in his bloody palm.
RON
Now behave yourself.
CAMERA PULLS BACK: Ron is kneeling under the Whomping
Willow.
(CONTINUED)
89.
110B CONTINUED: 110B
HARRY
That's not good.
(yelling)
Ron! Run!
Ron spins. Looks toward Harry.
RON
Harry! Run!
Harry's eyes shift. Bounding toward him in the gathering
gloom is an ENORMOUS, PALE-EYED, JET-BLACK... DOG. Harry
shields himself when... the dog LEAPS CLEAR OVER HIM.
RON
Aaaahhh!
The dog's TEETH flash and -- SNAP! -- close on Ron's
foot, dragging him TOWARDS THE TRUNK like a rag doll.
Instantly, Harry dashes forward, leaps out, and grabs
Ron's hands... but he and Ron just keep skudding along
the ground.
HERMIONE
I've got you --
Hermione pitches herself onto Harry's feet... and the
three of them go scudding along.
RON
Harry!
Harry raises his chin. The dog vanishes into the GAP at
the base of the tree, begins to pull Ron through...
HARRY
Hold on, Ron!
But it's no use. The dog is too powerful. Harry glances
around desperately, then finds himself looking directly
in Ron's eyes. He can read his mind.
HARRY
No, Ron...
One by one, Ron releases his fingers from Harry's
forearm. Sacrificing himself.
HARRY
Nooooo!!!
But Ron closes his eyes, releases his hands fully, and...
(CONTINUED)
90.
110B CONTINUED: (2) 110B
Disappears. As his VOICE ECHOES deep into the earth...
Harry and Hermione rise, peer into the hole.
WHOMP! The Whomping Willow sweeps first Hermione, then
Harry, into the air and -- FLOOMPH -- drops them on their
backsides.
HARRY AND HERMIONE’S POV - THE BRANCHES OVERHEAD
Swaying beautifully against the dusky sky, swishing
softly.
BACK TO SCENE
As one, they rise. Run back toward the gap in the tree.
A branch swoops down.
Hermione ducks. Harry doesn't. WHOOSH -- he is flung
one way, his GLASSES the other.
Hermione HOPS over another branch -- looks briefly
pleased with herself -- only to find herself SWEPT HIGH
IN THE AIR by a second branch. She looks down, sees
Harry searching the ground for his glasses.
HERMIONE
Haaaaaaarrrrrr!!!!!!!!!
Harry squints up, sees a PILE-DRIVING FIST of a branch
screaming straight down for his head. He rolls away just
as -- WHOMP! -- the branch PULVERIZES the ground.
Hermione WHIPS THROUGH FRAME, still clinging on for dear
life, and Harry rises. FLUMPH! -- he's promptly knocked
to the ground again. Hermione goes CRASHING through the
high branches, Harry spies his glasses and grabs them.
Rising, he fits them to his face and...
HIS BLURRY POV...
... turns CRYSTAL CLEAR just in time to see Hermione
FLYING MADLY TOWARD HIM.
HERMIONE
Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!
HARRY
Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!
Hermione reaches out, grabs Harry's shirt and -- riding
the branch in tandem -- the two boomerang back, hurtling
toward the trunk of the tree, through the gap, and into
the darkness...
91.
111 INT. WILLOW ROOTS - TUNNEL - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER) 111
... below. OOMPH! Harry hits the ground hard. OOMPH!
Hermione falls on top of him.
HERMIONE
Thanks.
HARRY
Don't mention it. Lumos.
As the tip of Harry's WAND GLOWS, reveals a long, snaking
tunnel.
HERMIONE
Where do you suppose this goes?
HARRY
I have a hunch. I just hope I'm
wrong...
111A INT. TUNNEL TO SHRIEKING SHACK - NIGHT 111A
Harry and Hermione make their way through the primitive
passageway, ducking the roots that dangle overhead.
Then, abruptly, the tunnel... ends. Confused, Harry and
Hermione glance about, then -- as one -- peer up. A
small opening. Harry reaches up, hoists himself through.
112 INT. SHRIEKING SHACK - DECREPIT ROOM - NIGHT 112
Harry pulls Hermione up. Looks about. Paper peels from
the walls. Stains -- suspiciously similar to dried blood
-- blot the floorboards. Shattered furniture lies strewn
everywhere.
HERMIONE
We're in the Shrieking Shack,
aren't we?
Harry doesn't answer, staring at the DOG PRINTS in the DUST
on the floor. The CEILING CREAKS. They dash to the stairs.
113 INT. HALLWAY - LANDING - NIGHT (SECONDS LATER) 113
They come out, look down. A wide, shiny stripe cuts
through the DUST-LADEN floor -- as if something has been
dragged -- to the end of the hallway, where a LIGHT seeps
from a door.
HARRY
Nox.
(CONTINUED)
92.
113 CONTINUED: 113
His wand-light dies. Slowly, they step to the door.
Exchange a look. She nods, wand ready, and Harry KICKS
the door aside.
114 INT. UPSTAIRS ROOM - SAME TIME 114
Ron sits upon a sagging bed, clutching his bloody foot.
HERMIONE
Ron! You're okay --
HARRY
The dog -- where's the --
RON
He's the dog.
It's a trap, Harry.
He's an Animagus...
Harry looks down, follows the PAW PRINTS on the floor to
a pair of FILTHY HUMAN FEET. Harry looks up slowly at
the MAN standing in the shadows. Filthy, matted hair
hangs to his shoulders. His skin like a corpse.
SIRIUS BLACK.
He studies Harry's face keenly. Harry draws his wand.
HERMIONE
If you want to kill Harry, you'll
-- you'll... have to kill us, too!
SIRIUS BLACK
No. Only one will die tonight.
HARRY
Then it'll be you!
HERMIONE
Harry! No!
Just then, FOOTSTEPS sound. Black wheels toward the
door, edgy. Harry eyes Black, wand hand shaking
violently. As Black turns back, he stops, regards Harry
cautiously.
SIRIUS BLACK
Going to kill me, Harry?
HARRY
Yes.
(CONTINUED)
93.
114 CONTINUED: 114
Harry raises his wand. BLAM! -- the DOOR CRASHES OPEN:
Lupin.
HARRY/HERMIONE/RON
Professor Lupin!
Lupin ignores them, eying Black intensely.
PROFESSOR LUPIN
Looking a bit ragged, aren't we,
Sirius? Finally the skin reflects
the madness within.
SIRIUS BLACK
You'd know all about the madness
within, wouldn't you, Remus?
The two regard each other, the moment taut with tension,
then Lupin steps forward and... EMBRACES Black like a
brother.
HERMIONE
No! I trusted you! I covered up
for you. And all this time you've
been his friend!
(pointing)
He's a werewolf! That's why he's
been missing classes!
Harry and Ron stare, dumbfounded, at Lupin. Black HOWLS
then, bitterly amused. Lupin eyes him, then turns back.
PROFESSOR LUPIN
How long have you known?
HERMIONE
Since Professor Snape set the
essay.
PROFESSOR LUPIN
You're the brightest witch of your
age I've ever met, Hermione.
SIRIUS BLACK
Yes, you glow like the sun. And
you howl at the moon. Enough
talk! He dies. Now. If you
won't do it with me, Remus, I'll
do it alone.
PROFESSOR LUPIN
Wait, Sirius --
(CONTINUED)
94.
114 CONTINUED: (2) 114
SIRIUS BLACK
I did my waiting! Twelve years of
it! In Azkaban! Trust me, you
wouldn't have lasted a week!
Lupin eyes Black, then nods.
PROFESSOR LUPIN
All right then. As you wish...
HARRY
No!
Harry raises his wand when Lupin wheels and, with a flick
of his own, disarms him. Furious, Harry eyes Black
murderously.
HARRY
You betrayed my parents! You sold
them to Voldemort!
SIRIUS BLACK
It's a lie! I never would've
betrayed James and Lily!
PROFESSOR LUPIN
Harry! You've got to listen --
HARRY
Did he listen! When my mother was
dying! Did he hear her screaming!
SIRIUS BLACK
No! I wasn't there! And I'll
regret it the rest of my life!
Harry's eyes flash to Black's, glittering with pain.
PROFESSOR LUPIN
Someone else betrayed your
parents, Harry. Someone in this
room right now. Someone who,
until quite recently, I believed
to be dead.
SIRIUS BLACK
He's as good as dead.
HARRY
What're you talking about?
There's nobody here.
(CONTINUED)
95.
114 CONTINUED: (3) 114
SIRIUS BLACK
Oh yes there is...
Black turns then, to Ron, and CROONS in a cruel sing
song:
SIRIUS BLACK
Come out, come out, Peter
Come out, come out and play...
Ron draws back from Black's demented gaze.
RON
You're mad...
Harry's eyes shift from Ron's FACE to his HANDS, where
Scabbers TWISTS violently. As a curious expression
befalls Harry, Lupin and Black, as one, raise their
wands... when.
SNAPE
Expelliarmus!
The wands fly from their hands. The others turn, find
Snape standing in the doorway, smiling smugly.
SNAPE
(eying Black)
Ah, vengeance is sweet. How I
hoped I'd be the one to catch you.
PROFESSOR LUPIN
Severus --
SNAPE
I told Dumbledore you were helping
your old friend into the castle.
And here's the proof.
SIRIUS BLACK
Brilliant! And -- as usual --
dead wrong. Now give us our wands
back. Remus and I have a bit of
unfinished business to tend to.
As Black approaches, Snape puts his wand to Black's neck.
SNAPE
Give me a reason. I beg you.
PROFESSOR LUPIN
Don't be a fool, Severus!
(CONTINUED)
96.
114 CONTINUED: (4) 114
SIRIUS BLACK
He can't help it. It's habit by
now.
PROFESSOR LUPIN
Quiet, Sirius!
SNAPE
(clucking his tongue)
Listen to you two. Quarreling
like an old married couple. The
creature and the criminal.
SIRIUS BLACK
Piss off.
SNAPE
Witty as ever I see. Tell me,
will you be so irreverent when I
turn you over to the Dementors?
(as Black reacts)
Do I detect a flicker of fear?
One can only imagine what it must
be like to endure the Dementor's
Kiss. It's said to be unbearable
to witness. But I'll do my best.
Snape's eyes harden. He gestures to the door.
SNAPE
After you.
As the others start to go, Harry glances at the table
where Lupin has left Harry's wand. In a flash, it's in
his hand.
HARRY
Expelliarmus!
Snape soars into the air, hits the wall with a THUD, and
slides down. Ron and Hermione stare in shock.
HERMIONE
You attacked a teacher.
Harry.
Harry looks a bit shocked himself, then turns to Black.
HARRY
You said Peter before. Peter who?
PROFESSOR LUPIN
Pettigrew. He was at school with
us. We thought he was a friend.
(CONTINUED)
97.
114 CONTINUED: (5) 114
HARRY
He killed
No. Pettigrew's dead.
him.
As Harry points at Black, Black laughs mirthlessly.
PROFESSOR LUPIN
I thought so, too. Until you
mentioned seeing Pettigrew on the
Map.
HARRY
The Map was lying then --
SIRIUS BLACK
The Map never lies. Pettigrew's
alive. And he's right there.
Black points at... Ron. Ron goes white with fear.
RON
M-me? It's lunatic...
SIRIUS BLACK
Not you, you idiot. Your rat.
RON
Scabbers? Scabbers has been in my
family for --
SIRIUS BLACK
(bitterly)
Twelve years. A curiously long
life for a common garden rat.
He's missing a toe, isn't he?
Black unfolds a dog-eared clipping from The Daily
Prophet: it shows Ron in Egypt with his family, Scabbers
on his shoulder.
RON
So what?
HARRY
All they could find of Pettigrew
was his --
SIRIUS BLACK
Finger. Dirty coward cut it off
so everyone would think he was
dead. Then he transformed into a
rat.
(CONTINUED)
98.
114 CONTINUED: (6) 114
Harry stares into Black's sunken eyes. Wanting to
believe. Desperate to believe. Glances at Ron, his
agonized face. Scabbers SQUIRMS VIOLENTLY.
HARRY
Show me.
Lupin and Black turn to Ron. He holds Scabbers
protectively.
RON
What are you going to do to him?
Sirius and Lupin exchange a glance.
SIRIUS BLACK
Together.
With that, Lupin takes out his wand and, as one, he and
Black cast a stream of BLUE-WHITE LIGHT. Scabbers twists
madly in midair, then -- FLASH! -- transforms into... a
very short man with thinning hair and grubby hands.
PETER PETTIGREW.
PETTIGREW
S-Sirius... R-Remus. My old
friends.
Neither speaks. Pettigrew's small, watery eyes dart
toward the windows and door. Suddenly, he makes a
break for it, but Sirius merely shoves him back.
Pettigrew's nose twitches, his gaze finding Harry. His
hands flutter nervously, reveal a MISSING INDEX FINGER.
PETTIGREW
Harry! Look at you! Y-you look
just like your father. Like
James. We were the best of
friends, he and I --
SIRIUS BLACK
Shut up!
PETTIGREW
I didn't mean to! The Dark Lord,
you have no idea the weapons he
possesses! Ask yourself what you
would have done, Sirius. What
would you have done!
(CONTINUED)
99.
114 CONTINUED: (7) 114
SIRIUS BLACK
Died! Died rather than betray my
friends! And you should have
realized, Peter, if Voldemort
didn't kill you...
PROFESSOR LUPIN
We would.
PETTIGREW
No... please... you can't...
(eyes darting,
finding)
Ron! Haven't I been a good
friend? A good pet? You won't
let them kill me, will you? I was
your rat...
Ron draws back in disgust. Pettigrew turns to Hermione.
PETTIGREW
Sweet girl. Clever girl. Surely
you won't let them...
As one, Lupin and Black raise their wands, point them
directly into Pettigrew's face. He shrinks back
trembling, closing his eyes in fear, when...
HARRY
No.
Pettigrew's lids lift. Lupin and Black turn. Staggered.
PROFESSOR LUPIN
Harry, this man...
HARRY
I know what he is. But we'll take
him to the castle.
PETTIGREW
Bless you, boy! Bless you --
HARRY
Get off! I said we'd take you to
the castle. After that, the
Dementors can have you.
115 OMITTED 115
& &
116 116
100.
117 EXT. WHOMPING WILLOW - NIGHT (LATER) 117
As Pettigrew emerges from the gap, he prattles
desperately:
PETTIGREW
Turn me into a maggot. A dung
beetle. A Flobberworm! Anything
but the Dementors...
(as Ron emerges)
Ron! Haven't I been a good
friend? A good pet? You won't
let them kill me, will you? I was
your rat...
As Ron draws back in disgust, a sleepwalking Snape BUMPS
his head against a low limb. Hermione turns to Harry.
HERMIONE
Don't worry. He's under the
Somnambulist Charm. It's
primarily used to transport the
seriously deranged.
As Harry nods, Pettigrew's pleading eyes find Hermione.
PETTIGREW
Sweet girl. Clever girl. Surely
you won't let them...
Hermione tugs her robes from Pettigrew's sweaty grasp.
Harry turns, sees Black staring in wonder at the castle,
shining radiantly under the bright bowl of the night sky.
SIRIUS BLACK
Beautiful, isn't it? I'll never
forget the first time I walked
through those doors. It'll be
nice to do it again. Freely.
(turning to Harry)
That was a noble thing you did
back there. He doesn't deserve
it.
Harry studies Pettigrew briefly, looks away. Lost in
thought.
HARRY
I don't reckon my father'd want
his best friends to become killers
for a worthless piece of vermin
like Pettigrew. Besides: Dead,
the truth dies with him. Alive...
you're free.
(CONTINUED)
101.
117 CONTINUED: 117
Sirius studies Harry's profile, moved by this.
SIRIUS BLACK
I don't know if you know, Harry,
but when you were born, James and
Lily made me your guardian...
HARRY
I know.
SIRIUS BLACK
And, well, I'll understand if you
choose to stay with your aunt and
uncle, but, so you know, you
could --
HARRY
When!
Come live with you?
SIRIUS BLACK
Soon as my name's cleared...
Harry looks at Hogwarts. GRINS. Sirius does the same.
Then, Hermione's voice rises on the air, quavering with
fear.
HERMIONE
Harry...
He turns, see Hermione staring at the FULL MOON. His
eyes shift. Lupin is a rigid silhouette, his fingers
twitching.
SIRIUS BLACK
Remus, old friend... did you take
your potion tonight?
Lupin, twitching, SHAKES HIS HEAD. Pettigrew's eyes
dart, taking in the situation, then slowly shift, note
the WAND trembling in LUPIN'S LENGTHENING FIST.
SIRIUS BLACK
Run. All of you. Now.
But none of them do, transfixed, watching as BRISTLES
POKE THROUGH LUPIN'S SKIN. Black steps forward, wraps
his arms around his friend, presses his mouth to his ear.
SIRIUS BLACK
You know the man you truly are,
Remus. This flesh is only flesh.
(MORE)
(CONTI NUED)
102.
117 CONTINUED: (2) 117
SIRIUS BLACK (CONT'Dpounding Lupin's
chest)
This heart is where you truly
live. This heart! Here!
As Lupin's WAND DROPS... Pettigrew LEAPS.
HARRY
No!
(flashing his wand)
Expelliarmus!
Lupin's wand flies from Pettigrew's hand and he FREEZES.
Then slowly turns. Face blank, eyes closed, he... GRINS
HIDEOUSLY. Transforms. Stunned, Harry watches a RAT
dart into the night.
A HOWL PIERCES THE AIR and Harry wheels. With a shrug,
Lupin tosses Black into the air, then turns. He is no
longer human. He's a werewolf. Harry and Hermione begin
to edge back.
HERMIONE
Professor...?
The WEREWOLF'S eyes blaze. Long teeth glitter. Then...
a horrifying GROWL ERUPTS from its throat. Harry and
Hermione spin, begin to flee... and run flat into Snape.
As they collapse in a great clumsy pile, Snape's eyes
flutter open, the spell broken. Seeing Hermione atop
him, he sweeps her aside...
SNAPE
Out of the way!
... and finds the werewolf preparing to pounce. Leaping
to his feet, Snape draws his wand and steps forward,
shielding Hermione, Harry and Ron.
The WEREWOLF HOWLS, SPRINTS forward, when -- SWOOSH! -- a
GIANT DOG (Black) intercepts it in MIDAIR. They hit the
ground in a FIERCE TANGLE of FLASHING TEETH, a single
horrible flailing beast. Again and again, the dog pushes
the werewolf back, but the werewolf is too strong...
HARRY
Sirius!
The DOG YELPS, ROARS in pain, and the werewolf flings it
into the tall grass. As it charges after, Harry pushes
past Snape, dashes into the night. Hermione makes to
follow, but Snape holds her back.
(CONTINUED)
103.
117 CONTINUED: (3) 117
HERMIONE
Harry!
Harry runs full out. Up ahead, FRAMED AGAINST A FULL
MOON, he spies the dog, lying inert, the werewolf's
razor-sharp claws suspended over its neck.
HARRY
NO!!!
Desperately, Harry plucks a THICK BRANCH from the ground
and hurls it with all his might. Bull's-eye. The
werewolf freezes. Turns. Begins to move toward...
Harry.
Harry draws his wand, terrified, but tormented as well,
knowing Lupin dwells somewhere within the beast.
HARRY
Please, Professor. Stop... It's
me.
Suddenly... a HOWL pierces the night.
The werewolf falters, cocking its head toward the forest.
Harry waits, petrified. The WEREWOLF's eyes shift back
to him. It SNARLS, moves closer, ready to kill. Harry
covers his face with his arm, when...
... a SECOND HOWL ECHOES high above the forest. Slowly,
Harry drops his arm. Looks. The werewolf bounds toward
the forest, vanishes. Harry's eyes shift. In the
darkness, the wounded dog lurches through the tall grass.
Falls. Rises. Falls again. Each time becoming more
human. As he disappears over the ridge, Harry sprints
after.
117A EXT. BLACK LAKE - SAME TIME - NIGHT 117A
Harry stumbles down to Black, who lies on the water's
edge, now fully a man, arms and face gleaming with
lacerations.
HARRY
Sirius!
Harry looks into his glassy eyes.
HARRY
Sirius!
(CONTINUED)
104.
117A CONTINUED: 117A
A fragile MIST escapes Harry's mouth. A raw WIND TOSSES
his hair. CHILL-BUMPS pebble his SKIN. A FRINGE of ICE
appears at the lake's edge. Then they appear, oozing
like smoke through the TREES across the lake. Dementors.
HARRY
No... No!
(drawing his wand)
Expecto... Patronum!
A thin silvery wisp weeps from Harry's wand, hovering
like a VEIL, but the Dementors continue to come. Harry
places his hand on Black's HEAVING HEART, poises his wand
once more:
HARRY
Expecto... Patronum...
Harry's Patronus blooms briefly... and dies. Harry's
eyes flutter, the DEMENTORS twisting madly in his vision,
drawing closer. Black GASPS. SILVERY FEATHERS of LIGHT
tumble from his lips, as if his very soul were leaving
him...
Then... a LIGHT splinters the trees. Harry squints, sees
a FIERY STAG appear... its body luminous... slashing
through the trees... sowing light in the darkness. The
Dementors wilt in its wake, but more replace them,
sweeping down in waves. Still, the stag charges on. The
LIGHT EXPANDS. The forest blazing with it. The remaining
Dementors flee, drifting across the moon like ash.
The light ebbs. The stag's luminous body flickers.
There is a BRIGHT FLASH and darkness returns, a single
THREAD of LIGHT all that remains, spinning down to the
size of a PEARL... in the palm of MAN, standing deep in
the trees. Harry studies the strangely familiar
SILHOUETTE, then... it is gone.
Silence drops like a curtain. MIST rises from the lake.
As Snape appears at the top of the rise, we --
FADE TO BLACK.
FADE IN:
118 INT. HOSPITAL WING - NIGHT (LATER) 118
CAMERA PULLS BACK SLOWLY... out of HERMIONE'S SHADOW,
which ripples against the curtain that encircles Harry's
bed. A HAND reaches out -- Harry's hand -- and sweeps
the CURTAIN ASIDE. Ron lies opposite, his leg BANDAGED.
Hermione paces. Stops.
(CONTINUED)
105.
118 CONTINUED: 118
HERMIONE
Harry --
HARRY
I saw my dad.
HERMIONE
What...?
HARRY
He sent the Dementors away... I
saw him. Across the lake...
Hermione exchanges a private glance with Ron, turns back.
HERMIONE
Listen, Harry. They've captured
Sirius. Any minute the Dementors
are going to perform the Kiss.
HARRY
The Kiss...?
HERMIONE
It's what Dementors do to those
they want to destroy. They clamp
their jaws over the victim's mouth
and... suck out his soul.
HARRY
You mean, they're going to kill
Sirius?
HERMIONE
No. It's worse. Much worse. You
go on living. But you have no
memory. No sense of self. You're
just a shall. An empty shell...
As Harry reacts, the door opens and Dumbledore enters.
HERMIONE
Headmaster! You've got to stop
them! They've got the wrong man!
HARRY
It's true, sir. Sirius is
innocent --
RON
It's Scabbers who did it!
(CONTINUED)
106.
118 CONTINUED: (2) 118
DUMBLEDORE
Scabbers...?
RON
My rat, sir. Only he's not really
Well, he was a rat. You
a rat.
see, he used to be my brother
Percy's --
HERMIONE
The point is... we know the truth.
Please, sir, you must believe us.
DUMBLEDORE
I do, Miss Granger. But I'm sorry
to say the word of three thirteenyear-old
wizards will convince few
others. A child's voice, however
honest and true, is meaningless to
those who have forgotten how to
listen.
As Dumbledore turns to the window, a SHOOTING STAR
plummets silently through the sky.
DUMBLEDORE
Ah... a shooting star. If ever
one was to make a wish, now would
be the time. But time, I'm
afraid, is precisely our
problem...
On cue, the MIDNIGHT BELL begins to CHIME... DING!...
DING!
DUMBLEDORE
Mysterious thing, time. Powerful.
And, when meddled with...
dangerous. Sirius Black is in the
topmost cell of the Dark Tower.
(to Hermione)
You know the laws, Miss Granger.
You must not be seen. And you
would, I feel, do well to return
before this last chime. If not...
well, the consequences are really
too ghastly to discuss. Three
turns should do it, I think. If
you succeed, more than one
innocent life may be spared
tonight.
(CONTINUED)
107.
118 CONTINUED: (3) 118
Dumbledore hands Harry and Hermione each a stick of
CHOCOLATE, then starts to go... stops.
DUMBLEDORE
By the way, when in doubt, I find
retracing my steps to be a wise
place to begin... Good luck.
He smiles, exits. Harry glances curiously at the
chocolate.
RON
What in bloody hell was all that
about?
But Hermione doesn't reply, instead looping the pendant's
long chain around Harry's neck as well as her own.
HERMIONE
Sorry, Ron. But seeing as you
can't walk...
As Ron and Harry exchange a curious glance, the BELL
continues to CHIME -- DING! DING! -- and...
119 INT. HOSPITAL WING - TIME REVERSAL - NIGHT/LATE 119
AFTERNOON
TIME REVERSES in a dizzying backward blur, as if a tape
were being rewound, every moment that occurred in the
hospital room flickering by at a dizzying speed while,
outside the window, darkness gives way to dusk and the
sun "un-sets," returning to its place low on the horizon.
At this point, the TIME REVERSAL ends and the room is...
Empty. Except for Harry and Hermione. As Hermione
unloops the necklace, Harry glances around in confusion.
HARRY
What just happened? Where's Ron?
Hermione ignores the question, eyes the CLOCK on the
wall.
HERMIONE
Seven-thirty. Where were we at
seven-thirty?
HARRY
Huh? Dunno... going to Hagrid's?
(CONTINUED)
108.
119 CONTINUED: 119
HERMIONE
Come on! We can't be seen!
Hermione grabs Harry's arm, slams through the door.
120 OMITTED 120
thru
thru
122 122
123 EXT. BRIDGE - LATE AFTERNOON (MOMENTS LATER) 123
Harry and Hermione come to a mad, huffing halt.
HARRY
Hermione! Will you please tell me
what it is we're doing?!
She holds up a hand, silencing him. Annoyed, Harry
follows her gaze and BLINKS in DISBELIEF. Across the
grounds...
124 EXT. SUNDIAL GARDEN - SAME TIME - LATE AFTERNOON 124
... he sees himself, along with Hermione and Ron, about
to confront Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle near the monoliths.
HARRY
But that... that's... us. This is
not... normal.
INTERCUT BETWEEN BRIDGE AND SUNDIAL GARDEN.
Dumbfounded, Harry turns. Hermione holds up the HOURGLASS.
HERMIONE
This is a Time-Turner, Harry.
McGonagall gave it to me first
term. This is how I've been
getting to my lessons all year.
HARRY
You mean, we've gone back in time?
HERMIONE
Yes. Dumbledore wanted us to
return to this moment. Clearly
something happened he wants us to
change.
(CONTINUED)
109.
124 CONTINUED: 124
A soft SMACK is HEARD. They turn, see Malfoy land on
the seat of his pants in the Sundial Garden, rub his
kisser.
HARRY
(in admiration)
Good punch.
HERMIONE
Hurry! Malfoy's coming!
Hermione pulls Harry under the bridge. Seconds later,
FOOTSTEPS CLAMOR over their heads.
DRACO (O.S.)
Not a word of this to anyone,
understood! I'll get that jumped
up Mudblood one of these days.
Mark my words...
Eyes narrowed in anger, Hermione leans out, reaches up,
and sends Malfoy SPRAWLING. As Harry pulls her back,
Malfoy looks around in confusion, then dashes off with
the others.
Seconds later, Harry emerges, marvels at the sight
of himself and Hermione, and Ron heading down the
slope to Hagrid's hut. His eyes shift to the pumpkin
patch.
HARRY
Look. Buckbeak's still alive.
HERMIONE
Of course! Remember what
Dumbledore said. If we succeed,
more than one innocent life could
be spared.
HARRY
Buckbeak? But... how will saving
Buckbeak help Sirius?
HERMIONE
We'll see.
125 EXT. HAGRID’S HUT - PUMPKIN PATCH - LATE AFTERNOON/DUSK 125
As Buckbeak feasts on a ferret, Harry and Hermione duck
behind a pile of pumpkins. Peering into the hut, Harry
sees Hermione and Ron embrace awkwardly.
(CONTINUED)
110.
125 CONTINUED: 125
He grins, turns, only to find Hermione analyzing the
moment with considerable fascination. Caught -- regards
Harry defensively.
HERMIONE
What?
HARRY
Nothing.
Harry looks toward the slope, sees Fudge and the others
approaching in a CLOUD of CROWS.
HARRY
Here they come. I better hurry.
HERMIONE
No! Fudge has to see Buckbeak
before we steal him. Otherwise,
he'll think Hagrid set him free!
Harry nods, then looks toward the hut. Inside, Hagrid is
handing Scabbers to Ron.
HARRY
That's Pettigrew --
As he starts to rise, Hermione grabs him, speaks
fiercely.
HERMIONE
No, Harry! You can't!
HARRY
Hermione, that's the man who
betrayed my parents! You don't
expect me to just sit here...
HERMIONE
Yes! You Must!
(pointing inside)
Harry, you're in Hagrid's hut
right now. If you go bursting
inside, you'll think you've gone
mad. Awful things can happen when
wizards meddle with time. We
can't be seen.
Hermione turns, watches Fudge and the others drawing
closer. She frowns, glances into the hut.
(CONTINUED)
111.
125 CONTINUED: (2) 125
HERMIONE
Fudge is coming and... we're not
leaving... why aren't we leaving?
Just then... on the ground beside her... Hermione notices
a JAGGED STAR-SHAPED STONE. Instantly, she grabs it,
rises, and hurls it through the OPEN WINDOW. SMASH! The
sound of a GLASS JAR SHATTERING is heard within the hut.
HARRY
Are you mad?
Hermione ignores him, swiftly whistling a second stone
through the window and -- CONK! -- off the back of
Harry's head.
HARRY
That hurt.
HERMIONE
Sorry.
Crows begin to drop atop the roof. Fudge's party
arrives, RAPS on the door.
HERMIONE
C'mon. Any minute now we're going
to be coming out the back door.
Quickly, Hermione and Harry dash into the trees directly
behind... just in time to see themselves -- along with
Ron -- exit the back door and slip behind the pumpkin
pile where, only seconds before, they were hiding. As
Fudge appears at the window and picks his nose as before,
Hermione ponders the back of her own head.
HERMIONE
Is that really what my hair looks
like from the back?
HARRY
Shhh!
Hermione sees herself turn. Ducking, she accidentally
stirs the branches, then peeks out and sees herself
staring curiously at the branches DANCING ODDLY. Next
she hears her own voice:
HERMIONE (O.S.)
Nothing, I just thought I saw...
Never mind.
(CONTINUED)
112.
125 CONTINUED: (3) 125
Harry and Hermione watch themselves start up the slope.
The coast clear, they slip out of the trees.
HERMIONE
Now, Harry!
As Harry vaults into the patch, the CROWS STIR, CAWING at
his ankles, pecking at his feet.
CORNELIUS FUDGE (O.S.)
'It is the decision of the
Committee for the Disposal of
Dangerous Creatures that the
Hippogriff Buckbeak, hereafter
called the condemned, shall be
executed this day at sundown...'
As Harry approaches, Buckbeak studies him curiously, a
ferret leg dangling from his beak. Harry bows. SLURP!
The ferret leg disappears and Buckbeak returns Harry's
nod. As Harry takes Buckbeak's chain... a flint-eyed
crow PECKS his hand.
HARRY
Get away!
Harry waves the crow away, yanks hard on Buckbeat's
chain.
CORNELIUS FUDGE (O.S.)
'The Committee's appointed
executioner shall dispatch the
condemned by means of
beheading...'
HARRY
C'mon, Buckbeak. Come on...
Buckbeak refuses to move.
CORNELIUS FUDGE (O.S.)
'As witnessed below.' You sign
here, Hagrid. Very well,
gentlemen. Let's step outside,
shall we...
DING! The Hogwarts BELL begins to TOLL. Harry and
Hermione exchange a glance. Harry tugs harder. No go.
DUMBLEDORE (O.S.)
Excuse me, Minister. I believe I
must sign as well...
(CONTINUED)
113.
125 CONTINUED: (4) 125
Harry PULLS at the chain, straining mightily...
DING! when Hermione POPS UP, BOWS QUICKLY, and dangles a
dead ferret before Buckbeak.
HERMIONE
Here, Beaky... Come and get the
nice dead ferret... yum yum...
Harry looks at her as if she's mad, but it's... working.
As Buckbeak trots after, the CAWING CROWS scatter.
DING!
Harry and Hermione lead Buckbeak away when the back door
suddenly opens. They freeze... caught... Fudge's eyes
drifting their way, when -- as before -- Dumbledore
raises his hand and directs the attention of the others
away from Buckbeak.
DUMBLEDORE
Professor Dippet had those
blackberries planted when he was
Headmaster...
Harry and Hermione shoo Buckbeak along, disappear into
the forest... just as Dumbledore concludes his reverie.
CORNELIUS FUDGE
Let's get this over with, shall
we?
Harry and Hermione -- their view unobstructed by the LOW
STAND OF TREES this time -- watch the Executioner
approach the pumpkin patch... and stop. Quickly, the
confusion in his masked eyes turns to anger.
CORNELIUS FUDGE
But... where is it? I just saw
the beast not moments ago --
Hagrid?
HAGRID
Beaky...
Hearing Hagrid's husky voice, BUCKBEAK strains at his
tether, WHIMPERS eerily. Hermione tosses him another
ferret.
DUMBLEDORE
(a hint of amusement)
How extraordinary!
(CONTINUED)
114.
125 CONTINUED: (5) 125
CORNELIUS FUDGE
Come now, Dumbledore. Someone's
obviously released him.
HAGRID
Professor, I swear! I didn't!
DUMBLEDORE
I'm quite sure the Minister isn't
suggesting that you had anything
to do with it, Hagrid. How could
you? You've been with us all
along.
CORNELIUS FUDGE
We should search the grounds --
DUMBLEDORE
Search the skies if you must,
Minister. In the meantime, I
wouldn't say no to a cup of tea,
Hagrid. Or... a large brandy.
(to the Executioner)
It seems your services will no
longer be required.
The Executioner lifts his blade and -- with a brutal fury
-- plunges it into the flesh of a PUMPKIN with a
SICKENING CHOP!
The CROWS SCATTER to the skies.
126 EXT. FORBIDDEN FOREST - DUSK (MOMENTS LATER) 126
Harry and Hermione race through the trees as Buckbeak
lopes easily behind.
HARRY
Now what?
HERMIONE
We save Sirius.
HARRY
And we do that... how?
HERMIONE
No idea.
127 EXT. EDGE OF FOREST AT WHOMPING WILLOW - DUSK 127
SUBJECTIVE POV, GLIDING THROUGH a thicket of trees, TO
the forest's edge, the trees thinning, REVEALING...
115.
127A EXT. EDGE OF FOREST AT WHOMPING WILLOW - DUSK 127A
... the Whomping Willow THRASHING. Hermione disappears
down the hole, then a FIGURE approaches the tree. Lupin.
INTERCUT.
HERMIONE
Look. It's Lupin.
As the Whomping Willow begins to thrash, its violence
oddly muted at this distance, Lupin takes a stick, pokes
a knot on the trunk. Instantly, the Willow calms.
HARRY
Wait until Fred and George hear
about that one.
HERMIONE
Here comes Snape.
As Lupin disappears into the gap at the base of the tree,
Snape makes his way down the slope.
HARRY
And now we wait.
HERMIONE
Now we wait.
127B EXT. EDGE OF FOREST AT WHOMPING WILLOW - DUSK TO NIGHT 127B
(LATER)
We look UPWARD, see the tops of the trees etched against
the darkening sky. BATS fly TOWARD us. We FOLLOW one,
when Buckbeak snags one. A tail twitches briefly between
his beak, then -- SLURP! -- is gone.
HERMIONE
'Least someone's enjoying himself.
Harry and Hermione sit together in the lengthening
shadows. Harry snaps off a piece of chocolate, hands it
to Hermione.
HARRY
Hermione...
HERMIONE
Yes?
(CONTINUED)
116.
127B CONTINUED: 127B
HARRY
Before. Down by the lake. When I
was with Sirius... I did see
someone... that someone made the
Dementors go away...
HERMIONE
With a Patronus. I heard Snape
telling Dumbledore when we were
taken to the hospital. According
to him, only a really powerful
wizard could have conjured it.
HARRY
It was my Dad.
Hermione looks at Harry.
HARRY
It was my Dad who conjured the
Patronus.
HERMIONE
But, Harry, your Dad's...
HARRY
Dead. I know. I'm just telling
you what I saw.
Hermione nods, not wanting to press Harry further, then
glances beyond the trees, toward the Whomping Willow.
HERMIONE
Here we come.
128 EXT. EDGE OF FOREST AT WHOMPING WILLOW - NIGHT 128
SHADOWS emerge under a FULL MOON: Black. Harry.
Pettigrew. Lupin. Hermione. Ron. Sleepwalking
Snape...
INTERCUT:
Harry studies himself and Sirius.
HARRY
You see Sirius talking to me?
He's asking me to come live with
him.
HERMIONE
Really?
(CONTINUED)
117.
128 CONTINUED: 128
Harry nods, his voice wistful.
HARRY
When we free him, I'll never have
to go back to the Dursley's. I'm
going to tell him I'd like to live
someplace in the country. I think
he'd like that, after all those
years in Azkaban. We don't need a
big place and I can help him...
A HOWL pierces the night. Hermione glances toward the
Willow.
HERMIONE
It's happened. Lupin's
transformed.
HARRY
Which means Pettigrew is slipping
safely into the night. While we
just stand here...
A FIERCE GROWLING is heard as twin silhouettes -- the DOG
and the WEREWOLF -- bound into the tall grass. Harry
watches himself appear, hurl the stick as before. The
werewolf turns, begins to stalk...
OWWWWWWWWW! Harry wheels, sees Hermione, hands cupped to
her mouth, making a loud HOWL. He covers her mouth.
HARRY
What are you doing?
HERMIONE
Saving your life.
Harry looks back to the tall grass. The werewolf is
frozen. As before, it begins to approach Harry again.
OWWWWWWWW! This time, Harry doesn't stop her.
HARRY
Thanks. But we have to move.
HERMIONE
Why?
HARRY
Because that werewolf you just
called is running right this way.
They exchange a glance and... RUN.
118.
129 OMITTED 129
& &
130 130
130A EXT. FOREST - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER)
130A
Harry and Hermione dash for the lives, swing behind a
HUGE TREE. As CAMERA BEGINS TO CIRCLE, the werewolf
appears. Pauses. As it approaches the tree, Harry and
Hermione silently sidestep in the opposite direction,
until the werewolf... disappears. CAMERA CONTINUES TO
CIRCLE the tree...
HERMIONE
Buckbeak. We've got to find him.
... and REVEALS the werewolf, fifteen feet past, waiting.
As Harry and Hermione step out, they freeze. The
werewolf poises itself, preparing to pounce, when...
SKREEEK! The TREES shake with the fury of a HURRICANE
and Buckbeak charges into the clearing, screening Harry
and Hermione. The WEREWOLF SNARLS ANGRILY, makes to
charge. With lightning-fast reflexes, Buckbeak's claws
slash the air... only inches from the werewolf's face.
The werewolf stops, eyes glittering with rage, then...
HOWLS. Turning, it vanishes into the forest.
HERMIONE
Poor Professor Lupin is having a
really tough night...
Just then, a CHILL WIND rises...
The LEAVES of the trees TREMBLE...
EERIE SHADOWS flutter over the moon, greasy as smoke...
Dementors.
HARRY
Let's go.
CUT TO:
MOVING POV
Looking UPWARD... THROUGH the trees as the sky wheels by,
Dementors streaking IN AND OUT OF VIEW.
130B EXT. EDGE OF FOREST AT BLACK LAKE - NIGHT (MOMENTS
130B
LATER)
CAMERA RUSHES IN, HOLDS ON Harry and Hermione's faces.
(CONTINUED)
119.
130B CONTINUED: 130B
Shocked.
Terror-stricken.
Opposite them, across the lake...
130C EXT. BLACK LAKE - SAME TIME 130C
... a CYCLONE of DEMENTORS whirl madly above Harry and
Black.
INTERCUT BETWEEN BLACK LAKE AND EDGE OF FOREST.
Harry watches himself vainly attempt to conjure a
Patronus as the cyclone only continues to grow...
HERMIONE
This is horrible...
HARRY
Don't worry. My Dad will come...
Right there... you'll see... he'll
come... any minute... he'll
conjure the Patronus
Hermione eyes Harry warily. He is transfixed, staring
hungrily toward the outcrop. The WIND RISES. The Lake
begins to freeze. WHOOSH! WHOOSH! One after another,
Dementors drop from the sky, vanish in the cyclone...
HERMIONE
No one's coming, Harry...
HARRY
HE WILL! He will come!
She looks. Nothing. Desperately, her eyes flash to the
cyclone, to the pitiful sight of Harry and Black at the
water's edge... wracked with pain... dying...
HERMIONE
No one's coming! You're dying,
both of you... and no one's
coming!
Harry's face changes. A riddle unravels. He draws his
wand.
HERMIONE
HARRY, NO!
(CONTINUED)
120.
130C CONTINUED: 130C
Too late. Harry slashes through the trees, down to the
rocky outcrop, to the exact spot where his father
appeared. Poising his wand, he looks out over the sea of
Dementors on the other side of the lake.
HARRY
EXPECTO PATRONUM!
A WISP of SILVER escapes his wand, hovering like a MIST,
then BLOOMS MAGNIFICENTLY. The trees EXPLODE WITH LIGHT.
The Lake BLAZES with reflected FIRE. Harry stands
utterly still, wand extended to the heavens. Across the
lake, the Dementors retreat. Harry waits, still as a
statue, until each and every one is gone.
Then he simply lets his arm drop.
131 EXT. HOGWARTS - SKY - FLYING - NIGHT (L ATER) 131
WHOOSH! Harry and Hermione plunge INTO FRAME astride
Buckbeak, SOARING toward the castle. Outside the
grounds, the Dementors wait restlessly. Up ahead, Fudge
and Snape enter the Dark Tower, TORCHES in hand.
HARRY
You were right, Hermione. It
wasn't my dad I saw earlier. It
was... me. I saw myself conjuring
the Patronus before. I knew I
could do it this time, because...
because I'd already done it. Does
that make sense?
Hermione contemplates this.
HERMIONE
No.
(looking down
in fear)
But I don't like this!
132 EXT. HOGWARTS - DARK TOWER - WIDE SHOT - NIGHT (MOMENTS 132
LATER)
We see Buckbeak land.
CUT TO:
133 EXT. DARK TOWER - TERRACE - NIGHT 133
Sirius paces within a SMALL CELL, a man condemned.
Spying Harry and Hermione, he stops. Stunned to see
them.
121.
134 INT. DARK TOWER - STAIRWELL - NIGHT (SAME TIME) 134
Snape, TORCH in hand, leads the way as Fudge HUFFS after.
135 EXT. DARK TOWER - TERRACE - NIGHT (SAME TIME) 135
Hermione pushes past Harry.
HERMIONE
Out of the way!
(raising her wand)
Alohomora!
Sirius tests the IRON DOOR. Still locked.
HERMIONE
Didn't really expect that to work.
136 EXT. DARK TOWER - STAIRWELL - NIGHT (SAME TIME) 136
Snape and Fudge draw closer...
137 EXT. DARK TOWER - TERRACE - NIGHT (SAME TIME) 137
Wand flashing, Hermione tries spell after spell.
HERMIONE
Dunamis! Liberare! Annihilare!
Emancipare!
No. No. No. No.
SIRIUS BLACK
You might try --
HERMIONE
Quiet! I'm trying to think.
She resumes pacing, MUTTERING furiously. Then... stops.
Turns.
HERMIONE
BOMBARDA!
KA-BOOM! The CELL DOOR ROCKETS to the sky.
SIRIUS BLACK
That'll do.
138 EXT. SKY/HOGWARTS - HELICOPTER SHOT - NIGHT 138
We see Buckbeak spirit Harry, Hermione and Sirius off the
terrace and soar directly TOWARD us... Just as Snape and
Fudge reach the top of the Tower.
122.
139 EXT. BUCKBEAK - FLYING - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER) 139
Sirius laughs, hair blowing in the wind.
SIRIUS BLACK
You truly are your father's son,
Harry!
140 EXT. CLOCKTOWER COURTYARD - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER) 140
Black puts his hands to Hermione's waist, swings her off
Buckbeak and onto the ground next to Harry.
SIRIUS BLACK
I'll be forever grateful for this.
To both of you.
HARRY
I want to go with you.
SIRIUS BLACK
One day perhaps. For some time...
life will be too... unpredictable.
Besides, you're meant to be here.
Black claps his shoulder, looks him in the eye.
SIRIUS BLACK
But promise me something, Harry.
HARRY
Anything.
SIRIUS BLACK
Trust yourself. No matter the
challenges you face -- and I fear
they will be many -- you'll be
surprised how many times you can
find the answers...
(tapping his heart)
...here.
As Sirius climbs atop Buckbeak, a SHOOTING STAR arcs
through the heavens.
SIRIUS BLACK
A shooting star. Make a wish.
WHACK! -- Black gives Buckbeak a SLAP and they soar into
the glittering sky. Harry and Hermione stand watching,
when... DING! They wheel. Look to the Clock Tower.
HERMIONE
We have to go.
(CONTINUED)
123.
140 CONTINUED: 140
As Harry and Hermione dash off, CAMERA TRACKS AFTER,
RISING WITH them as they race up the tower stairway, then
passing through the mechanism and on through to the end
of...
141 OMITTED 141
thru thru
143 143
144 INT. CORRIDOR/CLOCK TOWER - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER) 144
... the corridor. The Clock Tower BELL THUNDERS. The
DOOR OPENS. Dumbledore backs out...
DUMBLEDORE
By the way, when in doubt, I
always find retracing my steps to
be a wise place to begin... Good
luck.
As Dumbledore begins to close the door, Harry and
Hermione stumble frantically forward, the door about to
hit the jamb, when... suddenly... Dumbledore stops.
Looks up.
DUMBLEDORE
Well?
HARRY
He's free -- Sirius. We... we did
it.
DUMBLEDORE
Did what?
With a twinkle in his eye, Dumbledore swings open the
door. As Harry and Hermione enter.
145 INT. HOSPITAL WING - NIGHT ( SAME TIME) 145
... they catch the faintest glimpse of... themselves...
across the room... just as they EVAPORATE. Ron blinks.
Turns. Frowns.
RON
How'd you two get over there? I
was just talking to you... over
there.
(CONTINUED)
124.
145 CONTINUED: 145
Ron glances to the other side of the room. Frowns.
Hermione glances mischievously to Harry.
HERMIONE
What d'you think, Harry? Too much
for him -- everything that's
happened tonight?
HARRY
Afraid so. Always been a bit of
the nervous type, Ron has.
Ron stares at them, confounded. Slowly, they... GRIN.
146 EXT. HOGWARTS CASTLE - MORNING 146
The Whomping Willow sways in a light breeze. The Black
Lake shimmers, clouds drifting in its glassy mirror.
147 INT. CORRIDOR/LUPIN’S OFFICE - MORNING 147
Harry walks softly toward an OPEN DOOR -- Lupin's
office -- and peers in. Lupin stands over a battered
suitcase, filling it with the last of his books. Without
turning, he SPEAKS.
PROFESSOR LUPIN
Hello, Harry.
Harry JUMPS. Lupin turns, smiles through haggard eyes.
PROFESSOR LUPIN
Saw you coming.
The Marauder's Map lies open on an otherwise bare desk.
Harry nods, looks back to Lupin. Unable to disguise his
shock at Lupin's appearance.
PROFESSOR LUPIN
I've looked worse, believe me.
Harry eyes the open desk drawers... the bare
bookshelves...
HARRY
You've been sacked.
PROFESSOR LUPIN
Resigned, actually.
(CONTINUED)
125.
147 CONTINUED: 147
HARRY
Resigned! But why!
PROFESSOR LUPIN
It seems that someone has let slip
the nature of my condition.
HARRY
Snape.
PROFESSOR LUPIN
Whoever. It was bound to get out.
This time tomorrow, the owls will
start arriving. Parents will not
want a -- someone like me --
teaching their children.
HARRY
But Dumbledore --
PROFESSOR LUPIN
Has already risked enough on my
behalf. Besides, people like me,
well... let's just say I'm used to
this by now. But before I go,
tell me about your Patrons.
HARRY
Well. At first I thought it was a
horse, or perhaps a unicorn, but I
think it was --
PROFESSOR LUPIN
A stag.
HARRY
Yes.
PROFESSOR LUPIN
Your father used to transform into
one. That's how he was able to
keep me company when I became...
sick. He was a great friend
James.
Lupin smiles wanly, lifts his sorry suitcase. Then
stops.
PROFESSOR LUPIN
There are stories about him and your mother, you know.
Some are even true. But I think it's safe to say, in the
end, you'll know them best by getting to know yourself.
Lupin then -- with a wicked twinkle -- raises his wand.
(CONTINUED)
126.
147 CONTINUED: (2) 147
PROFESSOR LUPIN
Mischief managed.
Harry watches the Map go blank. Looks back. Lupin is
gone.
148 OMITTED 148
149 INT. GREAT HALL - DAY (MOMENTS LATER) 149
Ron stands amid a circle of excited Gryffindors.
RON
Stand back, I said! I'll take it
upstairs if you don't settle!
As Harry arrives, he glances at Hermione, who CLEARS HER
THROAT LOUDLY. The others turn, begin all speaking at
once.
NEVILLE
Harry! Wherever did you get it!
SEAMUS
Can I have a go, Harry? After
you, of course --
RON
Quiet!
(as they oblige)
Thank you. Let the man through.
Mystified, Harry steps forward, the boys peeling away,
clearing his view of the BROOMSTICK in Ron's hands. The
LABEL GLEAMS: "FIREBOLT."
HARRY
Whose is that?
RON
(as everyone laughs)
Whose is it? It's yours, mate.
HARRY
Who?
But... how?
HERMIONE
It's a mystery. Though... this
fell out of the wrapping.
Harry turns, sees Hermione holding up a FEATHER.
(CONTINUED)
127.
149 CONTINUED:
149
HARRY
That's a Hippogriff feather --
As Harry stops short, Hermione raises her eyebrow. As
they share a secret glance, we...
CUT TO:
150 INT./EXT. HOGWARTS CASTLE - FRONT DOORS - DAY
150
BOOM! The huge vertical DOORS BURST OPEN and Harry,
trailed by the others, exits with the Firebolt. As he
strides off, others join the assembly -- Hagrid, Malfoy,
Crabbe, and Goyle among them -- curious to see what the
commotion is all about.
151 EXT. COURTYARD - DAY (MOMENTS LATER)
151
As Harry stops, an expectant HUSH hangs over the moment.
SEAMUS
Go on, Harry.
NEVILL E
Yeah. Let's see.
Harry mounts the broom. Licks his finger and jabs it in
the air. A few others do the same. Hagrid does the
same. Crabbe and Goyle start to do the same, when Malfoy
SLAPS their hands down. Finally, Harry places his hand
on the broom. Sets his grip. Takes a breath. And...
Frowns.
FRED/GEORGE
What's wrong?
HARRY
I don't think it works. I think
it's defective.
A collective GROAN. Dejected, many of the kids begin to
drift toward the castle. Harry calls after.
HARRY
Oh, come on now. It's just a
broom.
HAGRID
(nodding sagely)
Just a broom.
(CONTINUED)
128.
151 CONTINUED: 151
Harry's eye shifts to Ron and Hermione. A wink.
HARRY
The fastest broom in the world.
As everyone turns -- WHOOSH! -- Harry JETS OFF and we --
CUT TO:
152 EXT. HIGH IN THE SKY - DAY (SAME TIME) 152
A tiny DOT, GROWING LARGER AND LARGER, races upward.
It's Harry shooting straight into the blue on the
Firebolt. A SCREAM GROWS LOUDER as he approaches. A
scream of release, of utter abandon. It's Harry
screaming. But something else is clear as he JETS PAST
and...
The SCREEN GOES BLACK.
It's a SCREAM of joy.
FADE OUT.
THE END

___EOF___


                           HARRY POTTER AND THE GOBLET OF FIRE


                                        Written by

                                      Steven Kloves 


                                   Based on the book by

                                       J.K. Rowling 


                                      Transcribed by 

                                        IMSDb.com


                     Please respect the work and keep the credits intact.


               
               We home in on a snake crawling through the undergrowth.

               TITLES

               INT. DARK ROOM - NIGHT TIME

               An old man lights a gas oven with a match, he is preparing food. 
               He notices a light on in the large house opposite, he stops what 
               he's doing and walks to the door.
 
                                     OLD MAN
                         Bloody kids.

               He leaves the house and heads towards the light.

               
               EXT. DARKNESS

               The old man is wandering up to the house carrying a lit torch. 
               He opens the front door, inside is just as dark. He begins climbing 
               the stairs, we hear whispers and hushed voices coming from upstairs. 
               The old man waits outside the room where the conversation is 
               taking place and listens on.
 
                                     WORMTAIL
                         Oh no no no my Lord Voldemort. I only 
                         meant... perhaps if we were to do it 
                         without the boy..
 
                                     VOLDEMORT
                         NO! The boy is everything, it cannot 
                         be done without him and it WILL be done 
                         exactly as I say.
 
                                     UNKNOWN MAN
                         I will not disappoint you my lord.
 
                         
                                     VOLDEMORT
                         Good. First, gather our old comrades. 
                         Send them a sign.
 
               A snake slithers past the old man and into the room. 

                                     VOLDEMORT
                         Nagini tells me the old caretaker is 
                         standing outside the door.
 
               Wormtail stands in the doorway and looks at the old man. The 
               old man looks terrified.
 
                                     VOLDEMORT
                         Step aside so I can give our guest a 
                         proper greeting.
 
               A loud spell is cast and Harry wakes up in a flash of panic.
 
               
               
               INT. BEDROOM

                                     HERMIONE
                         Harry!

               Harry is flustered and still panicing.

                                     HERMIONE
                         Are you alright?

                                     HARRY
                         Hermione. Bad dream. When did you get 
                         here?
 
                                     HERMIONE
                         Just now. You?

                                     HARRY
                         Last night.

               Hermione goes over to Ron's bed.

                                     HERMIONE
                         Wake up. Wake up Ronald!

                                     RON
                         Bloody hell.

                                     HERMIONE
                         Honestly. Get dressed, and don't go 
                         back to sleep. Come on Ron! Your mother 
                         says breakfast's ready.
 
               
               EXT. GRASSLAND

                                     HARRY
                         Where are we actually going?

                                     RON
                         Don't know. Hey Dad! Where are we going?
 
                         
                                     ARTHUR
                         Haven't the foggiest, keep up!

                                     AMOS
                         Arthur! It's about time son.

                                     ARTHUR
                         Sorry Amos. Some of us had a bit of 
                         a sleepy start. This is Amos Diggory 
                         everyone, he works with me at the ministry. 
                         And this strapping young lad must be 
                         Cedric, am I right?
 
                                     CEDRIC
                         Yes sir. 

                                     AMOS
                         Merlin's beard, you must be Harry Potter.
 
                         
                                     HARRY
                         Yes sir. This way.

                                     AMOS
                         Great great pleasure.

               They shake hands.

                                     HARRY
                         Pleasure to meet you too sir.

               They walk on up the hill.

                                     ARTHUR
                         That's it sir, just over there.

                                     AMOS
                         Shall we? We don't want to be late.
 
                         
               Camera homes in on a boot on top of the hillside.

                                     HARRY
                         Why are they all standing around that 
                         manky old boot?
 
                                     FRED
                         That isn't just any old manky boot mate.
 
                         
                                     GEORGE
                         It's a portkey.

               Everyone is in a circle putting their hands on the boot.

                                     AMOS
                         Time to go. Ready?

                                     HARRY
                         What's a 'portkey'?

                                     AMOS
                         After 3. One... Two...

                                     ARTHUR
                         Harry!

               Harry rushes over and puts his hand on the boot.

                                     AMOS
                         Three!

               There's a white flash and suddenly they're all flying through 
               the air. Everyone cheers. 
 
                                     ARTHUR
                         Let go kids!

                                     HERMIONE
                         What??

                                     ARTHUR
                         Let! Go!

               Harry, Hermione and the young Weasleys crash to the ground with 
               a thump. Arthur, Amos and Cedric come down more gracefully.
 
               
                                     ARTHUR
                         I bet that cleared your sinuses eh?
 
                         
               Cedric helps Harry to his feet.

                                     HARRY
                         Thanks.

               They walk across the field and we see there's a massive crowd 
               gathered and cheering, tents are set up all over.
 
                                     ARTHUR
                         Well kids, welcome to the Quidditch 
                         World Cup!
 
               They walk into the crowd, taking in the sights. Music is playing 
               and people fly about overhead on brooms. They approach a small 
               tent.
 
                                     AMOS
                         Parting of the waves I think old chap, 
                         see you at the match.
 
               Amos and Cedric separate and walk off.

                                     HARRY
                         See ya later Cedric.

                                     ARTHUR
                         Home sweet home.

               
               INT. TENT

               They enter the tent, the inside is many times bigger than the 
               outside.
 
                                     ARTHUR
                         Girls. Choose a bunk and unpack. Ron, 
                         get out of the kitchen we're all hungry.
 
                         
                                     TWINS
                         Yeah get out of the kitchen Ron.

                                     ARTHUR
                         Feet off the table.

                                     TWINS
                         Feet off the table.

               They take their feet off the table and put them back on as soon 
               as Arthur has walked past.
 
                                     HARRY
                         (Smiling) I love magic.

               
               EXT. HILLSIDE

               We pan up the hillside onto a large stadium which seems to have 
               a huge number of floors.
 
               INT. STADIUM

               The Weasleys and Harry are finding their seats.

                                     RON
                         Blimey Dad, how far up ARE we?

               Lucius Malfoy and Draco are walking below them.

                                     LUCIUS
                         Well put it this way, if it rains... 
                         you'll be the first to know
 
                                     DRACO
                         Father and I are in the minister's box, 
                         by personal invitation of Cornelius 
                         Fudge himself.
 
                                     LUCIUS
                         Don't boast Draco. There's no need with 
                         these people. Do enjoy yourself won't 
                         you. While you can.
 
               The ceremonies begin. Balloons fly and fireworks go off.

                                     ARTHUR
                         Come on up, take your seats. I told 
                         you these seats would be worth waiting 
                         for.
 
                                     GEORGE
                         Come on!

                                     FRED
                         It's the Irish!

               Five green and white figures fly through the air on their brooms 
               leaving a colored trail behind them. A glittering leprechaun 
               appears in the sky and starts dancing. Everyone is excited.
 
               
                                     GEORGE
                         Here come the Bulgarians!

               Five red figures this time, one of them performs a stunt on his 
               broom. One of them appears on the large screen. The crowd begins 
               to chant 'Krum, Krum, Krum'. 
 
                                     WEASLEYS
                         Krum!!!

                                     GEORGE
                         Yes!

               Viktor Krum waves to the crowd.

                                     ANNOUNCER
                         Good evening! It gives me great pleasure 
                         to welcome each and every one of you 
                         to the final of the 422nd Quidditch 
                         World Cup. Let the match begin!
 
               
               INT. TENT

                                     RON
                         There's no one like Krum. He's like 
                         a bird the way he rides the wind. He's 
                         more than an athlete, he's an artist.
 
                         
               The twins are bumbling about in a comical way muttering 'KRUMMMM'.
 
               
                                     GINNY
                         Think you're in love Ron?

                                     TWINS
                         (Singing) Viktor I love you! Viktor 
                         I do!
 
               Harry joins in.

                                     BOYS
                         When we're apart my heart beats only 
                         for youuu!
 
                                     FRED
                         Sounds like the irish have got their 
                         pride on.
 
                                     ARTHUR
                         Stop! Stop it. It's not the irish. We've 
                         gotta get out of here. Now.
 
               
               EXT. OUTSIDE THE TENT

                                     ARTHUR
                         Get back to the portkey everybody, and 
                         stick together. Fred, George... Ginny 
                         is your responsibility.
 
               Some figures in pointed hoods carrying flaming torches are walking 
               across the campsite chanting ominous noises. The crowd is paniced 
               and rushing all over. Harry is trampled unconscious.
 
               
               EXT. OUTSIDE - TIME PASSED

               The crowds have all gone. A man walks through the rubble kicking 
               at things. He casts a spell which causes a bright flash and a 
               large ghostly skull forms in the sky with a snake crawling from 
               it. The man grins evilly, clearly demented. Harry stirs and witnesses 
               the man standing there. Harry runs. The familiar voices of Ron 
               and Hermione are calling for him.
 
                                     RON
                         Been looking for you for ages. Thought 
                         we lost you.
 
                                     HARRY
                         What is THAT?

               They look at the monstrous thing in the sky, Harry holds his 
               head in pain. Suddenly they are fired on. 
 
                                     ARTHUR
                         Stop! That's my son.

               Arthur and others approach.

                                     ARTHUR
                         Ron, Harry, Hermione are you alright?
 
                         
                                     BARTY
                         Which of you conjured this?

                                     ARTHUR
                         You can't possibly..

                                     BARTY
                         Do not lie! You have been discovered 
                         at the scene of the crime!
 
                                     HARRY
                         Crime?

                                     ARTHUR
                         Barty, they're just kids.

                                     HARRY
                         What crime?

                                     HERMIONE
                         Harry it's his mark.

                                     HARRY
                         Those people tonight, in the masks... 
                         they're his too aren't they? they're 
                         his followers. 
 
                                     BARTY
                         Follow me.

                                     HARRY
                         There was a man. Before. There.

                                     BARTY
                         All of you, this way.

                                     ARTHUR
                         Harry, who?

                                     HARRY
                         I dunno. I didn't see his face.

               
               INT. TRAIN CARRIAGE

               Harry, Ron and Hermione are seated on a train. A voice calls 
               out.
 
                                     LADY OFFSCREEN
                         Anything from the trolley? Anything 
                         from the trolley?
 
               The lady appears at their door.

                                     LADY
                         Anything from the trolley dears?

                                     RON
                         Packet of drewbals and a liquorice wand.
 
                         
               Ron sees he hasn't enough money.

                                     RON
                         On second thought, just the drewbals.
 
                         
                                     HARRY
                         It's alright I'll get it.

                                     RON
                         Just the drewbals, thanks.

               Cho Chan walks up to the trolley.

                                     CHO
                         Two pumpkin pasties please.

               Harry and Cho look at each other and smile.

                                     CHO
                         Thank you.

                                     LADY
                         Anything sweet for you dear?

                                     HARRY
                         Oh no thank you I'm not hungry.

                                     HERMIONE
                         This is horrible, how can the ministry 
                         not know who conjured it. Isn't there 
                         any security or?
 
                                     RON
                         Loads according to Dad, that's what 
                         worried them so much. Happened right 
                         under their noses.
 
               Hermione sees Harry rubbing his head.

                                     HERMIONE
                         It's hurting again isn't it, your scar.
 
                         
                                     HARRY
                         I'm fine.

                                     HERMIONE
                         You know Sirius will want to hear about 
                         this. What you saw at the world cup, 
                         and the dream.
 
               Harry has written a letter, he marks Sirius Black on an envelope 
               and gives it to an owl.
 
               
               EXT. HOGWARTS

               We see four flying horses flying through the air pulling a carriage 
               coming in to land at Hogwarts. The crowds cheer.
 
                                     HAGRID
                         Clear the runway.

                                     HARRY
                         Well there's something you don't see 
                         every day.
 
               A large ship emerges from under the water and approaches too.
 
               
                                     DUMBLEDORE
                         Now we're all settled in and sorted, 
                         I'd like to make an announcement. This 
                         castle will not only be your home this 
                         year but home to some very special guests 
                         as well. You see Hogwarts has been choosen...
 
                         
               A man runs up the aisle limping in a comical way, he whispers 
               something to Dumbledore and leaves in the same fashion.
 
                                     DUMBLEDORE
                         So Hogwarts has been choosen to host 
                         a legendary event. The Tri-Wizard tournament. 
                         Now for those of you who do not know, 
                         the tri-wizard tournament brings together 
                         three schools for a series of magical 
                         contests. From each school a single 
                         contestant is selected to compete. Now 
                         let me be clear, if choosen you stand 
                         alone. And trust me when I say these 
                         contests are not for the faint hearted, 
                         but more of that later. For now please 
                         join me in welcoming the lovely ladies 
                         of the Beauxbatons Academy of magic 
                         and their headmistress Madam Maxime.
 
                         
               A group of girls dressed in blue dance up the aisle and release 
               butterflies into the air. They bow and everyone applauds.
 
                                     STUDENT
                         Blimey, that's one big woman.

                                     DUMBLEDORE
                         And now our friends from the north, 
                         please greet the proud sons of Durmstrang 
                         and the high master Igor Karkaroff.
 
                         
               A series of older boys walk up the aisle brandishing bo staffs, 
               twirling them around and periodically stabbing them into the 
               ground with a spark effect.
 
                                     RON
                         Blimey it's him, Viktor Krum!

               The boys breathe some fire.

                                     IGOR
                         Albus!

                                     DUMBLEDORE
                         Igor.

               They embrace.

               
               EXT. HOGWARTS - STORMY - NIGHT

                                     MADAME MAXIME
                         Professor Dumbledore, my horses have 
                         travelled a long way. They will need 
                         attending to.
 
                                     DUMBLEDORE
                         Not to worry Madame Maxime, our gamekeeper 
                         Hagrid's more than capable of seeing 
                         to them.
 
                                     MADAME MAXIME
                         But you know Monsieur Hagrid, they drink 
                         only single malt whiskey.
 
               The man seated next to Hagrid yelps. Hagrid has stabbed a fork 
               into his hand.
 
                                     MAN
                         You idiot!

               
               INT. ASSEMBLY ROOM

                                     DUMBLEDORE
                         Your attention please! I would like 
                         to say a few words. Eternal glory, that 
                         is what awaits the student who wins 
                         the tri-wizard tournament. But to do 
                         this that student must survive three 
                         tasks. Three extremely dangerous tasks.
 
                         
                                     FRED
                         Wicked.

                                     DUMBLEDORE
                         For this reason the ministry has seen 
                         fit to impose a new rule. To explain 
                         all this we have the head of the department 
                         of international magic cooperation Mister 
                         Bartimus Crouch.
 
               Thunder roars overhead, rain begins leaking through the roof 
               and screams break out. A strange man stands in the doorway, he 
               casts some magic upwards and seals the roof. Peace is restored.
 
               
                                     RON
                         Bloody hell, it's Mad-Eye Moody.

                                     HERMIONE
                         Alastor Moody? The aura.

                                     RON
                         He was a catcher. Half the cells in 
                         Azkaban are full thanks to him. He's 
                         supposed to be mad as a hatter though 
                         these days.
 
               This character enters the room and begins walking. We see Harry 
               through his mechanical eye. He limps, breathing heavily as he 
               goes.
 
                                     DUMBLEDORE
                         My dear old friend, thanks for coming.
 
                         
                                     MAD-EYE
                         That stupid roof.

               Mad-Eye takes a drink.

                                     PUPIL
                         What's that he's drinking do you suppose?
 
                         
                                     HARRY
                         I don't know but I don't think it's 
                         Pumpkin Juice.
 
                                     BARTY
                         After much deliberation the ministry 
                         has concluded that for their own safety 
                         no student under the age of seventeen 
                         shall be allowed to put forth their 
                         name for the tri-wizard tournament. 
                         This decision is final.
 
               The crowd is unsettled, people are booing.

                                     GEORGE
                         That's rubbish! You don't know what 
                         you're doing!
 
                                     DUMBLEDORE
                         Silence! 

               Dumbledore casts magic over a box which melds into a goblet containing 
               a blue flame.
 
                                     DUMBLEDORE
                         The goblet of fire. Anyone wishing to 
                         submit themselves for the tournament 
                         merely write their name upon a piece 
                         of parchment and throw it in the flame 
                         before this hour on Thursday night. 
                         Do not do so lightly, if choosen there's 
                         no turning back. As from this moment 
                         the tri-wizard tournament has begun.
 
                         
               
               INT. ASSEMBLY ROOM - NIGHT

               We see a suspicious character enter the room where the goblet 
               is still burning and close the door behind him.
 
               
               INT. CLASSROOM

                                     MAD-EYE
                         Alastor Moody.

               He writes his name on the board.

                                     MAD-EYE
                         Ministry malcontent. And your new defence 
                         against the dark arts teacher. I'm here 
                         because Dumbledore asked me, end of 
                         story, goodbye, the end. Any questions? 
                         When it comes to the dark arts, I believe 
                         in a practical approach. But first, 
                         which of you can tell me how many unforgivable 
                         curses there are?
 
                                     HERMIONE
                         Three sir.

                                     MAD-EYE
                         And they are so named?

                                     HERMIONE
                         Because they are unforgivable. Use of 
                         any one of them will...
 
                                     MAD-EYE
                         Will earn you a one way ticket to Azkaban. 
                         Correct. Now the ministry says you're 
                         too young to see what these curses do. 
                         I say different! You need to know what 
                         you're up against, you need to be prepared, 
                         you need to find somewhere else to put 
                         your chewing gum other than the underside 
                         of your desk Mr Finnigan!
 
                                     PUPIL
                         Aw no way, the old codger can see out 
                         the back of his head.
 
               Mad-Eye throws the chalk in anger.

                                     MAD-EYE
                         So, which curse shall we see first? 
                         WEASLEY!
 
                                     RON
                         Yes...

                                     MAD-EYE
                         Give us a curse.

                                     RON
                         Well, my dad did tell me about one... 
                         The imperious curse.
 
                                     MAD-EYE
                         Ahhh yes, your father would know all 
                         about that. Gave the ministry quite 
                         a bit of grief a few years ago. Perhaps 
                         this will show you why.
 
               Mad-Eye pops open a jar with a spider in it.

                                     MAD-EYE
                         Hello. What a little beauty. 

               He uses his wand to send it around the class.

                                     MAD-EYE
                         Don't worry. Completely harmless.

               The class is unsettled.

                                     MAD-EYE
                         But if she bites... she's lethal!

               Draco laughs.

                                     MAD-EYE
                         What are you laughing at?

               Mad-Eye sends the spider onto Draco's face.

                                     MAD-EYE
                         Talented isn't she? What shall I have 
                         her do next? Jump out the window? Drown 
                         herself?
 
               Mad-Eye has the spider over a bucket of water, it's wriggling.
 
               
                                     MAD-EYE
                         Scores of witches and wizards have claimed 
                         that they only do did you-know-whose 
                         bidding under the influence of the imperious 
                         curse. But here's the rub, how do we 
                         sort out the liars? Another.. another.. 
                         Come on come on. Longbottom is it? Up.
 
                         
               Neville Longbottom stands.

                                     MAD-EYE
                         Professor Sprout tells me you have an 
                         aptitude for herbology.
 
                                     NEVILLE
                         There's the um... The cruciatus curse.
 
                         
                                     MAD-EYE
                         Correct! Correct! come come. Particularly 
                         nasty. The torture curse.
 
               Mad-Eye begins torturing the spider with magic, it squeals.
 
               
                                     HERMIONE
                         Stop it! Can't you see it's bothering 
                         him, stop it!
 
               Mad-Eye stops. Neville is disturbed. Mad-Eye picks up the spider 
               which is still making a noise.
 
                                     MAD-EYE
                         Perhaps you could give us the last unforgivable 
                         curse Miss Granger.
 
               Hermione shakes her head. He casts a spell and the spider disintegrates.
 
               
                                     MAD-EYE
                         The killing curse. Only one person is 
                         known to have survived it. And he's 
                         sitting in this room.
 
               He approaches Harry's desk and takes a drink.

               
               INT. STAIRS

                                     RON
                         Brilliant isn't he! Completely demented 
                         of course. Terrifying to be in the same 
                         room with, he's really BEEN there you 
                         know.
 
                                     HERMIONE
                         There's a reason those curses are unforgivable, 
                         and to perform them in a classroom. 
                         I mean did you see Neville's face.
 
                         
               They see a boy on the stairs facing the window.

                                     HERMIONE
                         Neville?

               Mad-Eye approaches Neville and pats him on the shoulder.

                                     MAD-EYE
                         Son. You alright?

               Neville nods.

                                     MAD-EYE
                         Come on, we'll have a cup of tea. I 
                         want to show you something.
 
               
               INT. GOBLET ROOM

               Older students are placing their names into the flame and others 
               are applauding, Cedric is one of them.
 
                                     RON
                         Eternal glory, be brilliant wouldn't 
                         it? In three years from now we'll be 
                         old enough to be choosen.
 
                                     HARRY
                         Yeah well rather you than me.

               The twins come up cheering.

                                     GEORGE
                         Thank you thank you, well lads we've 
                         done it.
 
                                     FRED
                         Cooked it up just this morning. 

                                     HERMIONE
                         It's not going to work.

                                     FRED
                         Oh yeah? And why's that Granger.

                                     HERMIONE
                         You see this? This is an age line. Dumbledore 
                         drew it himself.
 
                                     FRED
                         So?

                                     HERMIONE
                         So a genius like Dumbledore couldn't 
                         possibly be fooled by something pathetically 
                         dimwitted such as an age potion.
 
                                     GEORGE
                         That's why it's so brilliant.

                                     GEORGE
                         Ready Fred?

                                     FRED
                         Ready George?

               They jump inside the age line, and cheer. They put their names 
               in the flame and do a high-five. The flame fires up and they're 
               flung across the room onto the floor. When they get up they have 
               full heads of grey hair and beards.
 
                                     GEORGE
                         You said..

               Fred You said..

               They roll around fighting on the floor and the crowd cheer. The 
               room suddenly becomes silent as Viktor Krum walks in and puts 
               his name in the flame. He looks at Hermione and she smiles.
 
               
               
               INT. GOBLET ROOM - THURSDAY NIGHT

                                     DUMBLEDORE
                         Sit down please. And now the moment 
                         you've all been waiting for, the champions 
                         selection! 
 
               Dumbledore approaches the blue flame and it glows red. A name 
               comes out. Everyone looks on anxiously.
 
                                     DUMBLEDORE
                         The Durmstrang champion is ... Viktor 
                         Krum!
 
               The Durmstrang crowd cheer. Another name comes out.

                                     DUMBLEDORE
                         The champion from Beauxbatons... Fleur 
                         Delacour
 
               The Beauxbatons girls cheer as Fleur walks up. Another name comes 
               out.
 
                                     DUMBLEDORE
                         The Hogwarts champion... Cedric Diggory.
 
                         
               Hogwarts pupils cheer as Cedric takes the stage.

                                     DUMBLEDORE
                         Excellent! we now have our three champions! 
                         But in the end only one will go down 
                         in history. Only one will hoist this 
                         chalice of champions, this vessel of 
                         victory the tri-wizard cup!
 
               People cheer, but the goblet glows red once more and another 
               name flies out. Dumbledore takes it and reads...
 
                                     DUMBLEDORE
                         Harry Potter. Harry Potter? 

                                     HAGRID
                         No... No.

                                     DUMBLEDORE
                         Harry Potter!

                                     HERMIONE
                         Go on Harry. Harry for goodness sake.
 
                         
               Harry slowly walks up. Dumbledore gives him the paper. Voices 
               in the crowd shout out.
 
                                     VOICE
                         He's a cheat! He's not even seventeen 
                         yet.
 
               
               INT. ROOM

               Harry is in a room with the other champions. Dumbledore bursts 
               in and grabs Harry.
 
                                     DUMBLEDORE
                         Harry! Did you put your name in the 
                         goblet of fire?
 
                                     HARRY
                         No sir.

                                     DUMBLEDORE
                         Did you ask one of the older students 
                         to do it for you?
 
                                     HARRY
                         No sir.

                                     DUMBLEDORE
                         You're absolutely sure?

                                     HARRY
                         Yes sir.

                                     MADAME MAXIME
                         Well of course he is lying.

                                     MAD-EYE
                         The hell he is. The goblet of fire is 
                         an exceptionally powerful magical object, 
                         only an exceptionally powerful conjurer 
                         could have hoodwinked it. Magic way 
                         beyond the talents of a fourth year.
 
                         
                                     IGOR
                         You seem to have given this a fair bit 
                         of thought Mad-Eye.
 
                                     MAD-EYE
                         It was once my job to think as dark 
                         wizards do Karkaroff perhaps you remember?
 
                         
                                     DUMBLEDORE
                         That doesn't help Alastor. Leave this 
                         to you Barty.
 
                                     BARTY
                         The rules are absolute, the goblet of 
                         fire constitutes a binding magical contract. 
                         Mr Potter has no choice, he is as of 
                         tonight... a tri-wizards champion.
 
                         
               
               INT. DARKENED TOWER ROOM

                                     MCGONAGALL
                         This can't go on Albus. First the dark 
                         mark, now this?
 
                                     DUMBLEDORE
                         What do you suggest Minerva?

                                     MCGONAGALL
                         Put an end to it. Don't let Potter compete.
 
                         
                                     DUMBLEDORE
                         You heard Barty the rules are clear.
 
                         
                                     MCGONAGALL
                         Well the devil with Barty and his rules. 
                         And since when did you accomodate them...
 
                         
                                     SEVERUS
                         Master I too find it difficult to believe 
                         this mere coincidence, if we are to 
                         truly discover the meaning of these 
                         events perhaps we should for the time 
                         being let them unfold.
 
                                     MCGONAGALL
                         Do nothing?? Offer him up as bait? Potter 
                         is a boy not a piece of meat.
 
                                     DUMBLEDORE
                         I agree with Severus. Alastor, keep 
                         an eye on Harry will you?
 
                                     MAD-EYE
                         I can do that.

                                     DUMBLEDORE
                         Don't let him know though, he must be 
                         anxious enough as it is... knowing what 
                         lies ahead. Then again, we all are.
 
                         
               
               INT. BEDROOM

                                     RON
                         How did you do it?

               Harry is silent.

                                     RON
                         Never mind. Doesn't matter. You could 
                         have let your best friend know though.
 
                         
                                     HARRY
                         Let you know what?

                                     RON
                         You know bloody well what.

                                     HARRY
                         I didn't ask for this to happen Ron. 
                         Okay? You're being stupid.
 
                                     RON
                         Yeah that's me, Ron Weasley... Harry 
                         Potter's stupid friend.
 
                                     HARRY
                         I didn't put my name in that cup. I 
                         don't WANT eternal glory I just wanna 
                         be.. Look, I don't know what happened 
                         tonight and I don't know why, it just 
                         did ok.
 
                                     RON
                         Piss off.

               
               INT. HOGWARTS

               A woman appears in a puff of smoke. She's well groomed and dressed 
               colorfully.
 
                                     RITA
                         What a charismatic quartet. Hello!
 
                         
               The four tri-wizard champions are stood together in a group. 
               She walks over to them and shakes each of their hands.
 
                                     RITA
                         I'm Rita Skeeter, I write for the daily 
                         prophet. But of course you know that 
                         don't you. It's you we don't know, you're 
                         the news. What quirks lurk beneath those 
                         rosy cheeks? what mysteries do the muscles 
                         mask? does courage lie beneath those 
                         curls? In short, what makes a champion 
                         tick. Me, myself and I want to know. 
                         Not to mention my rabid readers. So, 
                         who's feeling up to sharing? Mmm? Shall 
                         we start with the youngest. Lovely.
 
                         
               She takes Harry by the hand into a closet.

                                     RITA
                         This is cosy.

                                     HARRY
                         It's a broomcupboard.

                                     RITA
                         You should feel right at home then. 
                         Don't mind if I use the quill do you?
 
                         
                                     HARRY
                         Oh, no.

                                     RITA
                         So Harry, here you sit, a mere boy of 
                         twelve..
 
                                     HARRY
                         I'm fourteen.

                                     RITA
                         ...about to compete against three students. 
                         Not only vastly more emotionally mature 
                         than yourself but have mastered spells 
                         that you wouldn't attempt in your dizziest 
                         daydreams. Concerned?
 
                                     HARRY
                         I dunno I haven't really thought about 
                         it.
 
                                     RITA
                         Course you're not just any ordinary 
                         boy of twelve are you...
 
                                     HARRY
                         Fourteen.

                                     RITA
                         The story's legend. Do you think it 
                         was the trauma of your past that made 
                         you so keen to enter such a dangerous 
                         tournament.
 
                                     HARRY
                         No I didn't enter.

                                     RITA
                         Course you didn't. Everyone loves a 
                         rebel Harry. (to the quill) Scratch 
                         that last. Speaking of your parents, 
                         were they alive, how do you think they'd 
                         feel? proud? or concerned that your 
                         attitude shows at best a pathological 
                         need for attention, at worst a psychotic 
                         deathwish.
 
                                     HARRY
                         (looking at the notepad) Hey, my eyes 
                         aren't glistening with the ghosts of 
                         my past. 
 
               
               INT. ROOFTOP

               An owl flies in with a letter for Harry, he takes it and begins 
               to read.
 
                                     SIR
                         (VOICEOVER) Harry. I couldn't risk sending 
                         Edward. It was since the world cup and 
                         the ministry's been intercepting more 
                         and more owls and she's too easily recognised. 
                         We need to talk Harry. Face to face. 
                         Meet me in the Griffindore common room 
                         at one o clock this Saturday night and 
                         make sure you're alone. P.S....
 
               The owl nips Harry's finger.

                                     HARRY
                         AGH!

                                     SIR
                         (VOICEOVER CONT'D) The bird bites.
 
                         
               
               INT. GRIFFINDORE COMMON ROOM

                                     HARRY
                         Sirius?

               Harry picks up a newspaper, the headline reads "THE CHAMPIONS 
               ARE SELECTED" and reads.
 
                                     RITA
                         (VOICEOVER) Harry Potter aged 12, suspect 
                         entrant in the tri-wizard tournament. 
                         His eyes swimming with the ghosts of 
                         his...
 
               Her voice becomes desperate as he crumples up the newspaper and 
               puts it on the fire. The fire flares up a little, a face appears 
               in it.
 
                                     HARRY
                         Sirius?! How...

                                     SIR
                         I don't have much time Harry so let 
                         me get straight to it. Did you or did 
                         you not put your name into the goblet 
                         of fire?
 
                                     HARRY
                         No!

                                     SIR
                         Shh... I had to ask. Now, tell me about 
                         this dream of yours. You mentioned Wormtail 
                         and Voldemort, but who was the third 
                         man in the room?
 
                                     HARRY
                         I dunno.

                                     SIR
                         You didn't hear a name?

                                     HARRY
                         No. Umm.. Voldemort was giving him a 
                         job to do. Something important.
 
                                     SIR
                         What was that?

                                     HARRY
                         He wanted... me. I dunno why, but he 
                         was gonna use this man to get to me. 
                         I mean it was only a dream right?
 
                         
                                     SIR
                         Yes. It's just a dream. Look Harry, 
                         the deatheaters at the world cup, your 
                         name rising from that goblet these are 
                         not just coincidences. Hogwarts isn't 
                         safe any more.
 
                                     HARRY
                         What are you saying?

                                     SIR
                         I'm saying the devils are inside the 
                         walls. Igor Karkaroff, he was a deatheater. 
                         And no one, no one stops being a deatheater. 
                         Then there's Barty Crouch, heart of 
                         stone, sent his OWN son to Azkaban.
 
                         
                                     HARRY
                         Do you think one of them put my name 
                         in the goblet?
 
                                     SIR
                         I haven't a clue who put your name in 
                         that goblet Harry but whoever did it 
                         is no friend to you. People die in this 
                         tournament.
 
                                     HARRY
                         I'm not ready for this Sirius.

                                     SIR
                         You don't have a choice.

                                     HARRY
                         Someone's coming!

                                     SIR
                         Keep your friends close Harry.

               Ron enters the room.

                                     RON
                         Who you talking to?

                                     HARRY
                         Who says I was talking to anyone.

                                     RON
                         I heard voices. 

                                     HARRY
                         Maybe you're imagining things, wouldn't 
                         be the first time.
 
                                     RON
                         You're probably just practicing for 
                         your next interview I expect.
 
               Ron leaves. Harry goes to the fire again but Sirius is gone. 
               The newspaper in the fire has the headline "TEENAGE TRAGEDY".
 
               
               
               EXT. LAKESIDE

                                     NEVILLE
                         Amazing. Amazing.

                                     HARRY
                         Neville! You're doing it again!

                                     NEVILLE
                         Oh, right sorry.

                                     HARRY
                         (reading a book) Magical water plants 
                         of the highland Lochs?
 
                                     NEVILLE
                         Moody gave it to me. That day we had 
                         tea.
 
               Neville waves. Hermione and Ron are walking up to them.

                                     HERMIONE
                         (Whispering to Ron) We've already been 
                         through enough people why don't you 
                         just go and do it yourself? Ughh. What 
                         do you want me to say again?
 
               Ron whispers some words to Hermione. It's clear Ron and Harry 
               are not on speaking terms.
 
               Hermione walks up to Harry.

                                     HERMIONE
                         Ronald would like me to tell you that 
                         Seamus told him that Dean was told by 
                         Parvati that Hagrid was looking for 
                         you.
 
                                     HARRY
                         Is that right? Well.... what?

                                     HERMIONE
                         Uhhh...

               She walks back to Ron for more whispering and comes back.

                                     HERMIONE
                         Dean was told by Parvati that... Please 
                         don't ask me say it again. Hagrid's 
                         looking for you.
 
                                     HARRY
                         Well you can tell Ronald...

                                     HERMIONE
                         I'm NOT an owl!

               
               INT. FOREST

               Harry and Hagrid are walking through a dark forest.

                                     HAGRID
                         Did you bring your father's cloak like 
                         I asked you?
 
                                     HARRY
                         Yeah I brought the cloak. Hagrid where 
                         are we going?
 
                                     HAGRID
                         You'll see soon enough. Pay attention 
                         this is important.
 
                                     HARRY
                         What's with the flower? Hagrid have 
                         you combed your hair?
 
               Hagrid is looking more dapper than usual and is carrying a big 
               red flower.
 
                                     HAGRID
                         As a matter of fact I have. You might 
                         like to try the same thing now and again.
 
                         
               We hear animal noises. Madame Maxime calls out to Hagrid.

                                     MADAME MAXIME
                         Hagrid?

                                     HAGRID
                         Oh, the cloak. Put the cloak on.

               Harry does as he's told.

                                     HAGRID
                         Bonsoir Olympe.

                                     MADAME MAXIME
                         Oh Hagrid. I thought you weren't coming, 
                         I thought perhaps... you had... forgotten 
                         me.
 
                                     HAGRID
                         Couldn't forget you Olympe.

                                     MADAME MAXIME
                         What is it you want to show me? When 
                         we spoke earlier you sounded so exhilirated.
 
                         
                                     HAGRID
                         You'll be glad you came. Trust me.
 
                         
               A dragon nearby gives a loud roar.

                                     MADAME MAXIME
                         Ahh, c'est magnifique!

               In an opening we see people are running about, dragons are roaring 
               and breathing fire.
 
                                     MADAME MAXIME
                         Can we get closer?

                                     HARRY
                         Dragons? That's the first task? You're 
                         joking.
 
                                     HAGRID
                         Come on Harry. They're seriously misunderstood 
                         creatures. 
 
               A huge flame fires up.

                                     HAGRID
                         Although, I have to admit that horntail 
                         is a right nasty piece of work. Poor 
                         Ron nearly fainted just seeing him you 
                         know.
 
                                     HARRY
                         Ron was here?

                                     HAGRID
                         Oh sure. His brother Charlie helped 
                         bring him over from Romania. Didn't 
                         Ron tell you that?
 
                                     HARRY
                         No he didn't. He didn't tell me a thing.
 
                         
               
               EXT. HOGWARTS - DAYTIME

               We're zoomed in on a badge, it depicts Cedric on a bright yellow 
               background. Then the badge spins and shows Harry on a green background 
               with the words "Potter Stinks" on it. As Harry walks along other 
               pupils aim insults at him saying he stinks. A young boy runs 
               past.
 
                                     BOY
                         Cedric rules!

                                     HARRY
                         Thanks.

               Harry gets to a doorway, two pupils stand in his way.

                                     BOY
                         Like the badge?

                                     HARRY
                         Excuse me..

               They laugh, Harry pushes his way through. He approaches Cedric 
               who is standing around with his friends. Cedric's friends hurl 
               off more insults.
 
                                     HARRY
                         (to Cedric) Can I have a word?

                                     CEDRIC
                         Alright.

               They walk away some distance.

                                     HARRY
                         Dragons. That's the first task. They've 
                         got one for each of us.
 
                                     CEDRIC
                         Are you serious? And Fleur and Krum, 
                         do they...?
 
                                     HARRY
                         Yes.

                                     CEDRIC
                         Right. Hey listen, about the badges. 
                         I've asked them not to wear them.
 
                         
                                     HARRY
                         Don't worry about it.

               Ron and Seamus are walking along. Harry approaches them.

                                     HARRY
                         (To Ron) You're a right foul git you 
                         know that?
 
                                     RON
                         You think so?

                                     HARRY
                         I know so.

                                     RON
                         Anything else?

                                     HARRY
                         Yeah. Stay away from me.

                                     RON
                         Fine.

               
               Draco calls out, he's sitting up a tree.

                                     DRACO
                         Why so tense Potter? My father and I 
                         have a bet you see. I don't think you're 
                         gonna last ten minutes in this tournament. 
                         He disagrees. He thinks you won't last 
                         FIVE.
 
                                     HARRY
                         I don't give a damn what you or your 
                         father thinks Malfoy. He's vile and 
                         cruel, and you're just pathetic.
 
               Harry walks away and Draco angrily tries casting a spell. Mad-Eye 
               appears and quickly turns Malfoy into a ferret.
 
                                     MAD-EYE
                         I'll teach you to cast when someone's 
                         back is turned.
 
                                     MCGONAGALL
                         Professor Moody what are you doing?
 
                         
                                     MAD-EYE
                         Teaching.

                                     MCGONAGALL
                         Is that a student?

                                     MAD-EYE
                         Technically it's a ferret.

               Mad-Eye is making the ferret hover around. He sends it up the 
               trouser leg of one of Draco's friends. He squirms and looks uncomfortable. 
               Everyone else is laughing. Mad-Eye winks to Harry and he laughs. 
               Eventually it comes back out and McGonagall turns Draco back 
               to normal.
 
                                     DRACO
                         My father will hear about this!

                                     MAD-EYE
                         Is that a threat! 

               Draco runs away. Mad-Eye shouts after him.

                                     MAD-EYE
                         I could tell you stories about your 
                         father that would curl even your greasy 
                         hair boy! It doesn't end here!
 
                                     MCGONAGALL
                         We never use transfigration as a punishment, 
                         surely Dumbledore told you that.
 
                                     MAD-EYE
                         He might've mentioned it.

                                     MCGONAGALL
                         Well you will do well to remember it.
 
                         
                                     MAD-EYE
                         (To Harry) come with me.

               
               INT. MAD-EYE'S ROOM

               Mad-Eye takes off his prosthetic leg and takes a seat.

                                     MAD-EYE
                         That's a foal glass. Lets me keep an 
                         eye on my enemies. If I can see the 
                         whites of their eyes they're standing 
                         right behind me.
 
               A noise emerges from a trunk on the floor and it shakes.

                                     MAD-EYE
                         Wouldn't even bother telling you what's 
                         in ther. You wouldn't believe it if 
                         I did. Now... what are you going to 
                         do about your dragon?
 
                                     HARRY
                         Oh... um... You know I just thought 
                         I'd...
 
                                     MAD-EYE
                         Sit. Listen to me Potter. Your pal Diggory, 
                         by your age he could take a whistle 
                         into a watch and have it sing you the 
                         time. Miss Delacour, she's as much a 
                         fairy princess as I am. As for Krum, 
                         his head may be filled with sawdust 
                         but Karkaroff's is NOT. They'll have 
                         a strategy, and you can bet that it'll 
                         play to Krum's strengths. Hmm? Come 
                         on Potter. What are your strengths?
 
                         
                                     HARRY
                         Um... I dunno.. I can fly. I mean I'm 
                         a fair flyer.
 
                                     MAD-EYE
                         Better than fair the way I heard it.
 
                         
                                     HARRY
                         But I'm not allowed a broom.

                                     MAD-EYE
                         You're allowed a wand.

               
               EXT. ARENA - TOURNAMENT STAGE 1

               The crowds are cheering, people are taking bets.

               
               INT. WAITING TENT

               Harry is pacing nervously. Hermione is standing by the tent door 
               whispering in.
 
                                     HERMIONE
                         Pssst! Harry? Is that you?

                                     HARRY
                         Yeah.

                                     HERMIONE
                         How are you feeling? OK? The key is 
                         to concentrate. After that you just 
                         have to...
 
                                     HARRY
                         Battle a dragon.

               Hermione enters the tent and they hug. A bright camera flashes, 
               Rita Skeeter the journalist approaches.
 
                                     RITA
                         Young love! Ohh how.. stirring. If everything 
                         goes unfortunately today you might make 
                         the front page.
 
                                     VIKTOR
                         (To Rita) You have no business here. 
                         This tent is for champions and friends.
 
                         
                                     RITA
                         No matter. We've got what we wanted.
 
                         
               Rita leaves and Dumbledore enters.

                                     DUMBLEDORE
                         Good day champions. Gather round please. 
                         Now you've waited, you've wondered and 
                         at last the moment has arrived. The 
                         moment only four of you can fully appreciate.
 
                         
               The champions gather around him in a circle.

                                     DUMBLEDORE
                         What are you doing here Miss Granger?
 
                         
                                     HERMIONE
                         Oh um.. Sorry I'll just go.

                                     DUMBLEDORE
                         Barty. The bag.

                                     BARTY
                         Champions, in a circle around me. Miss 
                         Delacour over here, Mr Krum, and Potter 
                         over here. Right. Miss Delacour, if 
                         you will...
 
               Barty holds up a bag. Fleur takes out a little green dragon.
 
               
                                     BARTY
                         The welsh green. Mr Krum...

               Viktor takes another out

                                     BARTY
                         The chinese fireball. Oooooh.

               Cedric picks one. 

                                     BARTY
                         The swedish short-snout. Which leaves... 
                         
 
                                     HARRY
                         The horntail...

                                     BARTY
                         What's that boy?

                                     HARRY
                         Nothing.

               Harry puts his hand in the bag and pulls out the dragon.

                                     BARTY
                         The hungarian horntail. These represent 
                         very real dragons, each of which has 
                         been given a golden egg to protect. 
                         Your objective is simple, collect the 
                         egg. This you must do, for each egg 
                         contains a clue without which you cannot 
                         hope to proceed to the next task. Any 
                         questions?
 
                                     DUMBLEDORE
                         Very well. Good luck champions. Mr Diggory 
                         the sound of the cannon...
 
               The cannon fires immediately.

               Transcribed by IMSDb.com

               
               INT. TENT 

               Harry is sitting alone nervously.

                                     DUMBLEDORE
                         (VOICEOVER THE LOUDSPEAKER) Three of 
                         our champions have now faced their dragons 
                         and so each one of them will proceed 
                         to the next task. And now our fourth 
                         and final contestant.
 
               Harry enters the rocky arena. The crowd are cheering his name. 
               He sees the golden egg sitting alone, he makes a run for it but 
               the dragon appears. Harry's forced to retreat behind a rock as 
               the dragon flames him. Harry stumbles and falls around the arena.
 
               
                                     HERMIONE
                         Your wand harry! Your wand!

               Harry summons a broom. He jumps on and flies off, the dragon 
               gives chase. The dragon bursts through the crowd and they look 
               stunned.
 
               
               EXT. HOGWARTS SKY

               Harry is flying at high speed around the Hogwarts buildings. 
               The dragon cuts him off and whips him off his broom, he lands 
               on the roof of Hogwarts, hanging on for dear life. The dragon 
               is clambering across the roof, strewing tiles as it goes. Harry 
               reaches his broom but it's stuck. He jerks it loose and lets 
               go of the roof just in time before the dragon swipes at him. 
               He falls a long way but regains control. He flies on to an area 
               with a bridge, he flies through a gap in the bridge but the dragon 
               crashes into it and falls into the water.
 
               
               INT. ARENA

               The crowds are mostly silent. We see Harry flying towards us 
               and the crowd erupts. He goes straight for the golden egg.
 
               
               
               INT. HOGWARTS

               Harry is lifting the golden egg, people around him cheering. 
               The Weasly twins have Harry sitting on their shoulders.
 
                                     GEORGE
                         We knew you wouldn't die Harry.

                                     FRED
                         Lose a leg.

                                     GEORGE
                         Or an arm.

                                     FRED
                         Pack it in altogether.

                                     TWINS
                         NEVER!

                                     SEAMUS
                         Go on Harry, what's the clue?

               Seamus hands Harry the golden egg.

                                     HARRY
                         Who wants me to open it? You want me 
                         to open it?
 
               He opens the egg and a loud horrific screech comes out, he closes 
               it again.
 
                                     HARRY
                         What the bloody hell was that?

               Ron appears in the doorway.

                                     FRED
                         Alright everyone, go back to your knitting. 
                         This is gonna be uncomfortable enough 
                         without all you nosey sods listening 
                         in.
 
                                     RON
                         I reckon you'd have to be barking mad 
                         to put your own name in the goblet of 
                         fire.
 
                                     HARRY
                         Caught on have you. Took you long enough.
 
                         
                                     RON
                         Wasn't just me who thought you'd done 
                         it. Everyone was saying it behind your 
                         back.
 
                                     HARRY
                         Brilliant. That makes me feel loads 
                         better.
 
                                     RON
                         At least I warned you about the dragons.
 
                         
                                     HARRY
                         Hagrid warned me about the dragons.
 
                         
                                     RON
                         Oh no no, I did. Don't you remember? 
                         I told Hermione to tell you that Seamus 
                         told me that Parvati told Dean that 
                         Hagrid was looking for you. Seamus never 
                         actually told me anything, so it was 
                         really me all along. I thought you'd 
                         be alright, you know, after you figured 
                         that out.
 
                                     HARRY
                         Who could possibly figure that out? 
                         That's completely mental.
 
                                     RON
                         Yeah it is isn't it. Suppose I was a 
                         bit distraught.
 
                                     HERMIONE
                         Boys.

               
               INT. CLASSROOM

               Harry is looking at Cho. When she looks back he spills drink 
               from his mouth. They laugh at him.
 
                                     HERMIONE
                         (Reading a newspaper) Look at this! 
                         I can't believe it she's done it again. 
                         Miss Granger a plain but ambitious girl 
                         seems to be developing a taste for famous 
                         wizards. Her latest prey sources report 
                         is none other than the Bulgarian bon-bon 
                         Viktor Krum. No word yet on how Harry 
                         Potter's taking this latest emotional 
                         blow.
 
               A young boy walks up holding a package.

                                     NIGEL
                         Parcel for you Mr Weasley.

                                     RON
                         Thank you Nigel. 

               Nigel is gazing at Harry.

                                     RON
                         Not now Nigel. Later. Go on.

               Nigel leaves.

                                     RON
                         I told him I'd get him Harry's autograph. 
                         Oh look mum's sent me something. Mum 
                         sent me a dress??
 
                                     HARRY
                         Well it does match your eyes. Is there 
                         a bonnet?
 
                                     RON
                         Ginny these must be for you.

                                     GINNY
                         I'm not wearing that it's ghastly.
 
                         
               Hermione laughs.

                                     RON
                         What are you on about?

                                     HERMIONE
                         They're not for Ginny they're for you! 
                         Dress robes.
 
                                     RON
                         Dress robes? for what?

               
               INT. ASSEMBLY ROOM

                                     MCGONAGALL
                         The yule ball has been a tradition of 
                         the tri-wizard tournament since its 
                         inception. On Christmas eve night we 
                         and our guests gather in the great hall 
                         for well mannered frivolity. As representitives 
                         of the host school I expect each and 
                         every one of you to put your best foot 
                         forward, and I mean this literally because 
                         the yule ball is first and foremost... 
                         a dance. 
 
               Groans emerge from the boys who are listening on. The girls seem 
               a lot more excited.
 
                                     MCGONAGALL
                         Silence. The house of Godrick Griffindore 
                         has commanded the respect of the wizard 
                         world for nearly ten centuries. I will 
                         not have you in the course of a single 
                         evening besmirching that name by behaving 
                         like a babbling, bumbling band of baboons.
 
                         
                                     FRED
                         (Whispering to George) Try saying that 
                         five times faster.
 
               They try.

                                     MCGONAGALL
                         (Continued) Now to dance is to let the 
                         body breathe, inside every girl a secret 
                         swan slumbers longing to burst forth 
                         and take flight.
 
                                     RON
                         (Whispering to Seamus) Something's about 
                         to burst out of Hilary but I don't think 
                         it's a swan.
 
                                     MCGONAGALL
                         Inside every boy a lordly lion prepared 
                         to prance. Mr Weasly, will you join 
                         me.
 
               She grabs Ron and pulls him up to dance. 

                                     MCGONAGALL
                         Now, place your right hand on my waist.
 
                         
                                     RON
                         Where?

                                     MCGONAGALL
                         My waist. 

               He does so and a wolf whistle comes from the crowd.

                                     MCGONAGALL
                         Now bend your arm. Mr Filch...

               The music starts.

                                     MCGONAGALL
                         One two three, one two three, one two 
                         three.
 
                                     HARRY
                         (To the Weasly twins) Oi! Never gonna 
                         let him forget this are you?
 
                                     TWINS
                         Never.

                                     MCGONAGALL
                         Everybody come together.

               The girls instantly stand and walk forward, the boys are all 
               still seated.
 
                                     MCGONAGALL
                         Boys, on your feet.

               Neville stands.

               
               EXT. HOGWARTS - DAYTIME

                                     HARRY
                         Why do they always have to travel in 
                         packs? How are you supposed to get one 
                         alone to ask them...
 
                                     RON
                         Blimey Harry, you slayed dragons. If 
                         you can't get a date who can?
 
                                     HARRY
                         I think I'd take the dragon right now.
 
                         
               Groups of girls are giving them icy looks and turning their backs.
 
               
               
               INT. HOGWARTS

               Hagrid and Madame Maxime are walking together.

                                     HAGRID
                         I take after my mum. Though I didn't 
                         know her very well, she left when I 
                         was about three. No, not the maternal 
                         sort her, broke my dad's heart though. 
                         You know he was a tiny little fellow 
                         my dad, I could pick him up with one 
                         hand by the age of six and put him up 
                         in the dresser.
 
               They laugh together and have a moment.

                                     HAGRID
                         And then he died when I was still in 
                         school. So I had to make me own way 
                         as it were. But enough of me, what about 
                         you!
 
               
               EXT. LAKESIDE

               Viktor Krum is training, a group of girls are following him around.
 
               
               
               INT. CLASSROOM

                                     RON
                         This is mad. At this rate we'll be the 
                         only ones in our year without dates.
 
                         
               Severus Snape walks past and slaps Ron over the head. 

                                     RON
                         Well, us and Neville!

                                     HARRY
                         But then again he can take himself.
 
                         
                                     HERMIONE
                         It might interest you to know that Neville's 
                         already got someone.
 
               Ron gasps.

                                     RON
                         Now I'm really depressed.

               Fred hands Ron a note, it reads "GET A MOVE ON OR ALL THE GOOD 
               ONES WILL HAVE GONE!".
 
                                     RON
                         Well Hermione, you're a girl.

                                     HERMIONE
                         Oh well spotted.

                                     RON
                         Come on. It's one thing for a bloke 
                         to show up alone. For a girl it's just 
                         sad.
 
                                     HERMIONE
                         I won't be going alone because believe 
                         it or not someone's asked me. And I 
                         said yes.
 
                                     RON
                         Bloody hell.

               Hermione storms off.

                                     RON
                         Look. We've just got to grit our teeth 
                         and do it. Tonight when we get back 
                         to the common room, we'll both have 
                         partners. Agreed?
 
                                     HARRY
                         Agreed.

               
               EXT. HOGWARTS - SNOWY

               Harry is walking up some steps. He reaches the top and bumps 
               into Cho who has come around the corner.
 
                                     CHO
                         Harry!

                                     HARRY
                         Cho!

                                     CHO
                         Watch yourself on the stairs, it's a 
                         bit icey at the top.
 
                                     HARRY
                         Ok thanks. Cho?

                                     CHO
                         Yes?

                                     HARRY
                         Um. (Mumbling) I just wondered if maybe 
                         you wanted to go to the ball with me?
 
                         
                                     CHO
                         Sorry? I didn't catch that.

                                     HARRY
                         Um. I was just wondering if maybe you 
                         wanted to go to the ball with me.
 
                         
                                     CHO
                         Oh. Um. Harry I'm sorry but someone's 
                         already asked me. And well I've said 
                         I'll go with him.
 
                                     HARRY
                         Ok. Great. Fine. No problem. Good.
 
                         
                                     CHO
                         Harry I really am sorry.

               
               INT. COMMON ROOM

               Ron is being helped into the room, he looks shaky.

                                     HARRY
                         What happened to you?

                                     GIRL
                         He just asked Fleur Delacour out.

                                     HERMIONE
                         What?

                                     HARRY
                         What did she say?

                                     HERMIONE
                         No of course.

               Ron shakes his head. 

                                     HERMIONE
                         She said yes??

                                     HARRY
                         Don't be silly.

                                     RON
                         There she was walking by. You know I 
                         like it when they walk. I couldn't help 
                         it, it just sort of slipped out.
 
                                     GIRL
                         Actually he sort of screamed at her, 
                         it was a bit frightening.
 
                                     HARRY
                         What did you do then?

                                     RON
                         What else? I ran for it. I'm not cut 
                         out for this Harry. I don't know what 
                         got into me.
 
               The Patil twins walk past.

                                     PATILS
                         Hi Harry.

                                     HARRY
                         Hey!

               
               INT. DANCEHALL

               Soft music plays and everyone is well dressed, gathered in the 
               hall. 
 
               
               ELSEWHERE

               Ron is getting dressed in front of a mirror. He looks paniced 
               and uncomfortable in his ridiculous dress robes.
 
                                     RON
                         Bloody hell.

               Harry walks in, he's dressed in a more conventional suit.

                                     RON
                         What are those??

                                     HARRY
                         My dress robes.

                                     RON
                         Well they're alright. No lace, no dodgy 
                         little collar. 
 
                                     HARRY
                         Well I expect yours are more traditional.
 
                         
                                     RON
                         Traditional?? They're ancient! I look 
                         like my great aunt Tessie.
 
               He sniffs at his clothes.

                                     RON
                         I smell like my great aunt Tessie. Murder 
                         me Harry.
 
               
               INT. DANCEHALL

               Harry and Ron are walking down the stairs into the hall. Ron 
               is fidgeting with his outfit.
 
                                     HARRY
                         Leave it alone.

                                     RON
                         Poor kid, bet she's alone in her room 
                         crying her eyes out.
 
                                     HARRY
                         Who?

                                     RON
                         Hermione of course. Come on Harry, why'd 
                         you think she wouldn't tell us who she's 
                         coming with?
 
                                     HARRY
                         Because we'd take the mickey out of 
                         her if she did.
 
                                     RON
                         Because nobody asked her. I would have 
                         taken her myself if she weren't so bleeding 
                         proud.
 
               The boys approach the Patil twins.

                                     PARVATI
                         Hello boys. Don't you look...

               She looks at Ron.

                                     PARVATI
                         ... dashing.

                                     MCGONAGALL
                         Here you are Potter. Are you and Miss 
                         Patil ready?
 
                                     HARRY
                         Ready professor?

                                     MCGONAGALL
                         To dance. It's traditional that the 
                         three champions or in this case four 
                         are the first to dance. Surely I told 
                         you that.
 
                                     HARRY
                         No.

                                     MCGONAGALL
                         Oh well now you know. Oh, as for your 
                         Mr Weasly you may proceed into the great 
                         hall with Miss Patil.
 
               Hermione enters the room all dressed up.

                                     PARVATI
                         She looks beautiful.

                                     HARRY
                         Yeah she does.

               Hermione walks down the stairs. Viktor Krum takes her hand and 
               they walk together.
 
                                     PADMA
                         (To Ron) Is that Hermione Granger? With 
                         Viktor Krum??
 
                                     RON
                         No. Absolutely not.

               Loud music plays as the champions head to the dancefloor with 
               their partners.
 
                                     PARVATI
                         Harry. Take my waist.

                                     HARRY
                         What?

                                     PARVATI
                         Now.

               They dance. Soon others are joining in, Dumbledore and McGonagall, 
               Mr Filch and his cat, Hagrid and Madame Maxime. Mad-Eye sits 
               on the sidelines drinking. The scene changes, the music is now 
               rock played by the Weird Sisters fronted by Jarvis Cocker from 
               Pulp. Cool!. The crowd is jumping. Harry, Ron and their dates 
               are sitting some distance away looking miserable. Hermione comes 
               up after a great time with Viktor.
 
                                     HERMIONE
                         Hot isn't it? Viktor's gone to get drinks. 
                         Care to join us?
 
                                     RON
                         No, we'd NOT care to join you and Viktor.
 
                         
                                     HERMIONE
                         What's got your wand in a knot?

                                     RON
                         He's a Durmstrang. You're fraternising 
                         with the enemy.
 
                                     HERMIONE
                         The enemy?? Who was it wanting his autograph? 
                         Besides, the whole point of the tournament 
                         is international magical cooperation, 
                         to make friends.
 
                                     RON
                         Hrmph, I think he's got a bit more than 
                         friendship on his mind.
 
               Hermione walks off.

                                     PADMA
                         Are you going to ask me to dance or 
                         not?
 
                                     RON
                         No.

               
               LATER

                                     RON
                         (To Hermione) He's using you.

                                     HERMIONE
                         How dare you! Besides I can take care 
                         of myself.
 
                                     RON
                         Doubt it. He's way too old.

                                     HERMIONE
                         What? What? That's what you think?
 
                         
                                     RON
                         Yeah that is what I think.

                                     HERMIONE
                         You know the solution then don't you.
 
                         
                                     RON
                         Go on.

                                     HERMIONE
                         Next time there's a ball pluck up the 
                         courage and ask me before somebody else 
                         does, and not as a last resort.
 
                                     RON
                         Well that's completely off the point. 
                         Harry...
 
               Harry walks up.

                                     HERMIONE
                         Where have you been? Nevermind! Off 
                         to bed both of you.
 
               Harry and Ron walk away.

                                     RON
                         They get scary when they get older.
 
                         
                                     HERMIONE
                         Ron you spoil everything!

               
               INT. BEDROOM

               NIGHTMARE SEQUENCE

               We're back in the old house. 

                                     VOLDERMORT
                         Let me see it again.

               A sleeve is rolled up and a marking of a skull and snake in on 
               the arm.
 
                                     VOLDEMORT
                         Ah yes, the time is close now. Harry! 
                         At last! Step aside Wormtail so I can 
                         give our guest a proper greeting!
 
                         
               Harry wakes up. The floorboards are creaking, someone is walking 
               up to his bed. It's Neville.
 
                                     NEVILLE
                         You alright Harry? I just got in. Me!
 
                         
               He chuckles and dances off.

               
               EXT. A BRIDGE OUTSIDE HOGWARTS

                                     HERMIONE
                         Harry you told me you'd figured the 
                         egg out weeks ago. The task is two days 
                         from now.
 
                                     HARRY
                         Really? I had no idea. I suppose Viktor's 
                         already figured it out.
 
                                     HERMIONE
                         I wouldn't know, we didn't actually 
                         talk about the tournament. Actually 
                         we didn't really talk at all, Viktor's 
                         more of a physical being. I just mean 
                         he's not particularly... Mostly he watches 
                         me study. It's a bit annoying actually. 
                         You are trying to figure this egg out 
                         aren't you?
 
                                     HARRY
                         What's that supposed to mean?

                                     HERMIONE
                         I mean these tasks are supposed to test 
                         you, in the most brutal way they're 
                         almost cruel. And um, I'm scared for 
                         you. You got by the dragon mostly on 
                         nerve, I'm not sure it's going to be 
                         enough this time.
 
                                     CEDRIC
                         Hey Potter. 

                                     HARRY
                         Cedric.

                                     CEDRIC
                         How are you?

                                     HARRY
                         Spectacular.

                                     CEDRIC
                         Look I realise I never really thanked 
                         you properly for tipping me off about 
                         those dragons.
 
                                     HARRY
                         Forget about it. I'm sure you would 
                         have done the same for me.
 
                                     CEDRIC
                         Exactly. You know the prefects bathroom 
                         on the fifth floor?
 
               Harry nods.

                                     CEDRIC
                         It's not a bad place for a bath. Just 
                         take your egg and mull things over in 
                         the hot water.
 
               
               INT. BATHROOM

               Harry is taking his clothes off, he gets in the bath. He has 
               his golden egg on the side.
 
                                     HARRY
                         I must be out of my mind.

               He opens the egg and the horrible screech noise comes out.

                                     MYRTLE
                         I'd try putting it in the water if I 
                         were you.
 
                                     HARRY
                         Myrtle!

                                     MYRTLE
                         Long time no see.

               The ghostly figure of little Myrtle flies around.

                                     MYRTLE
                         I was circling a blocked drain the other 
                         day and could swear I saw a bit of polyjuice 
                         potion. Not being a bad boy again are 
                         you Harry?
 
                                     HARRY
                         Polyjuice potion! Kicked the habit. 
                         Myrtle, did you say try putting it in 
                         the water?
 
               Myrtle flies around again and gets in the water.

                                     MYRTLE
                         Well. That's what he did. The other 
                         boy, the handsome one. Cedric.
 
               Harry takes the egg and puts it under the water.

                                     MYRTLE
                         Well go on, open it.

               Harry does so and goes underwater himself. He hears a voice singing.
 
               
                                     VOICE SINGING
                         Come seek us where our voices sound. 
                         We cannot sing above the ground. An 
                         hour long you'll have to look, to recover 
                         what we took.
 
                                     HARRY
                         Myrtle, there aren't Merpeople in the 
                         black lake are there?
 
                                     MYRTLE
                         Ahhh, very good. Took Cedric ages to 
                         riddle it out. Almost all the bubbles 
                         were gone...
 
               Myrtle laughs and Harry is embarrassed.

               
               INT. COMMON ROOM

                                     HERMIONE
                         Harry, tell me again.

                                     HARRY
                         Come seek us where our voices sound.
 
                         
                                     HERMIONE
                         The black lake, that's obvious.

                                     HARRY
                         An hour long you'll have to look.

                                     HERMIONE
                         Again obvious, though I must admit potentially 
                         problematic 
 
                                     HARRY
                         Potentially problematic? When was the 
                         last time you held your breath under 
                         the water for an hour Hermione?
 
                                     HERMIONE
                         Look Harry, we can do this. The three 
                         of us can figure it out.
 
               Mad-Eye Moody appears in the doorway.

                                     MAD-EYE
                         Hate to break up this scholar session 
                         but Professor McGonagall would like 
                         to see you in her office. Not you Potter, 
                         just Weasly and Granger.
 
                                     HERMIONE
                         But sir, the second task is only hours 
                         away and...
 
                                     MAD-EYE
                         Exactly. Presumably Potter is well prepared 
                         by now and could do with a good night's 
                         sleep. Go. Now! Longbottom!
 
               Neville appears from behind a bookcase.

                                     MAD-EYE
                         Why don't you help Potter put his books 
                         back.
 
                                     NEVILLE
                         You know, if you're interested in plants 
                         you'd be better with Gorshok's Guide 
                         to Herbology. Do you know there's a 
                         wizard in Nepal whose growing gravity 
                         resistant trees?
 
                                     HARRY
                         Neville. No offense, but I really don't 
                         care about plants. Now if there's a 
                         Tibetan turnip that will allow me to 
                         breathe underwater for an hour then 
                         great.
 
                                     NEVILLE
                         I don't know about a turnip but you 
                         can always use gilliweed.
 
               
               EXT. LAKESIDE

               The Weasly twins are shouting, busy taking bets. Harry is walking 
               along with Neville, he has some green plantlife in his hand.
 
               
                                     HARRY
                         You're sure about this Neville.

                                     NEVILLE
                         Absolutely.

                                     HARRY
                         For an hour.

                                     NEVILLE
                         Most likely.

                                     HARRY
                         Most likely?

                                     NEVILLE
                         Well there is some debate among herbologists 
                         as to the effects of freshwater versus 
                         saltwater.
 
                                     HARRY
                         You're telling me this now? You must 
                         be joking.
 
                                     NEVILLE
                         I just wanted to help.

                                     HARRY
                         Well that makes you sight better than 
                         Ron and Hermione. Where are they anyway?
 
                         
                                     NEVILLE
                         You seem a little tense Harry.

                                     HARRY
                         Do I?

                                     DUMBLEDORE
                         (Over a loudspeaker) Welcome to the 
                         second task. Last night something was 
                         stolen from each of our champions. A 
                         treasure of sorts. These four treasures, 
                         one for each champion, now lie on the 
                         bottom of the black lake. In order to 
                         win each champion need only find their 
                         treasure and return to the surface. 
                         Simple enough. Except for this, they 
                         will have one hour to do so and one 
                         hour only. After that they'll be on 
                         their own.
 
                                     MAD-EYE
                         (To Harry) Put that in your mouth.
 
                         
               Harry puts the gilliweed in his mouth and starts choking.

                                     DUMBLEDORE
                         (Continued) You may begin at the start 
                         of the cannon.
 
               The cannon fires and the champions enter the water, three of 
               them dive in while Harry is pushed. Underwater the effects of 
               gilliweed take hold, Harry's hands and feet become webbed. 
 
               
               
               EXT. ABOVE WATER

                                     SEAMUS
                         What's the matter with him?

                                     FRIEND
                         I don't know I can't see him.

                                     NEVILLE
                         Oh my god I've killed Harry Potter!
 
                         
               Harry flies into the air like a dolphin and the crowd cheer.
 
               
               
               EXT. UNDERWATER

               Harry swims among the fish and rocks. Singing voices start echoing. 
               We see Fleur get trapped, she screams. 
 
               
               EXT. ABOVE WATER

                                     DUMBLEDORE
                         (Over the loudspeaker) The Beauxbatons 
                         champion Miss Delacour has unfortunately 
                         been forced to retire. She will take 
                         no further part in this task. 
 
               
               EXT. UNDERWATER

               Harry is still searching around. He hears muffled screams. He 
               finds Ron, Hermione, Cho Chan and a blonde girl from Beauxbatons 
               tied in place by their ankles. Cedric is there, he takes Cho 
               with him. Harry sets about freeing Ron and Hermione but vicious 
               merpeople appear.
 
                                     HARRY
                         But she's my friend too!

                                     MERPERSON
                         Only one.

               What looks like a shark approaches at high speed. We see that 
               it has legs and it's Viktor. He takes Hermione and heads for 
               the surface. Harry frees Ron. 
 
               
               EXT. ABOVE WATER

               Cedric and Cho emerge, the crowd cheers. Viktor and Hermione 
               next, the crows chants 'Krum, Krum, Krum'. The Beauxbatons girls 
               look worried.
 
               
               EXT. UNDERWATER

               Harry looks over and sees the blonde girl that Fleur was unable 
               to rescue. He loosens her rope too and starts heading for the 
               surface with the both of them. He's attacked and gets held down, 
               he pushes Ron and the girl towards the surface.
 
               
               EXT. ABOVE WATER

               Ron and the girl come up, they are coughing but safe. They're 
               helped out of the water by a girl from Beauxbatons. Underwater 
               Harry casts a spell which propels him towards the surface, he 
               flies out and lands on the decking where the crowd are.
 
                                     DUMBLEDORE
                         Harry! 

                                     BARTY
                         Get him another towel.

                                     DUMBLEDORE
                         I want all the judges over here now.
 
                         
                                     FLEUR
                         (To Harry) You saved her, even though 
                         she wasn't yours to save. My little 
                         sister!
 
               Fleur kisses Harry on the face.

                                     FLEUR
                         Thank you! And you... (Looks to Ron). 
                         You helped!
 
                                     RON
                         Well... yeah... a bit

               Fleur kisses him too.

                                     RON
                         Merci.

               Hermione comes up to Harry with a towel.

                                     HERMIONE
                         Harry!

                                     HARRY
                         Hermione

                                     HERMIONE
                         Are you alright? You must be freezing! 
                         Personally I think you behaved admirably.
 
                         
               Hermione kisses Harry on the head.

                                     HARRY
                         I finished last Hermione.

                                     HERMIONE
                         Next to last.

                                     DUMBLEDORE
                         Attention! Attention! The winner is... 
                         Mr Diggory!
 
               Cedric and his friends cheer.

                                     DUMBLEDORE
                         For showing unique command of the bubblehead 
                         shark. The way I see it, Mr Potter would 
                         have finished first had it not been 
                         for his determination to rescue not 
                         only Mr Weasly but the others as well. 
                         We've agreed to award him second place! 
                         For outstanding moral fibre.
 
               
               As they're walking away from the lake Harry's friends are cheering 
               him.
 
                                     FRED
                         All that moral fibre eh?

                                     RON
                         Blimey even when you go wrong it turns 
                         out right.
 
                                     GEORGE
                         Well done 'moral fibre'.

               
               Barty Crouch is waiting for Harry.

                                     BARTY
                         Congratulations Potter, fine achievement. 
                         Well done boy. I'm sorry we haven't 
                         spoken, after all your story is one 
                         I've heard many times. Quite remarkable. 
                         Tragic of course, to lose one's family. 
                         Never whole again are we? Still, life 
                         goes on. And here we stand. I'm sure 
                         your parents would be very proud today 
                         Potter.
 
               Mad-Eye approaches them.

                                     MAD-EYE
                         Bartimus! Not trying to lure Potter 
                         into one of the ministry's summer internships 
                         are we? Last boy who went into the department 
                         of ministries never came out!
 
               Barty walks away from him.

                                     MAD-EYE
                         And they say I'm mad.

               
               EXT. DARK FOREST

                                     HAGRID
                         So I remember, I remember when I first 
                         met you all. Biggest bunch of misfits 
                         I've ever set eyes on. Always reminded 
                         me of myself a little. And here we all 
                         are, four years later.
 
                                     RON
                         We're still misfits.

                                     HAGRID
                         Maybe. But we've all got each other, 
                         and Harry of course. Soon to be! The 
                         youngest! Tri-Wizard champion there's 
                         ever been! Hooray!
 
               They walk on singing the Hogwarts song. Harry holds his head 
               in pain. On the ground he sees Barty Crouch laying lifeless.
 
               
                                     HARRY
                         Mr Crouch?

               
               INT. HOGWARTS DARK ROOM

                                     DUMBLEDORE
                         A man has died here. And he won't be 
                         the last, you must take action.
 
                                     FUDGE
                         I will not. In times like these the 
                         wizard world looks to its leaders for 
                         strength Dumbledore.
 
                                     DUMBLEDORE
                         Then for once show them some.

                                     FUDGE
                         The tri-wizard tournament will not be 
                         cancelled. I will not be seen as a coward.
 
                         
                                     DUMBLEDORE
                         But surely that is what's right, no 
                         matter what others think.
 
                                     FUDGE
                         What did you say? What did you say to 
                         me?
 
                                     MAD-EYE
                         Excuse me gentlemen, it may interest 
                         you to know that this conversation is 
                         no longer private.
 
               Mad-Eye points to the door. Harry enters.

                                     FUDGE
                         Harry! Harry how good to see you again.
 
                         
                                     HARRY
                         I can come back later Professor.

                                     DUMBLEDORE
                         Oh not necessary Harry the minister 
                         and I are done. I'll be back in a moment. 
                         Minister, after you. Harry do feel free 
                         to indulge in a liquorice snack in my 
                         absence, but I have to warn you they're 
                         a little bit sharp.
 
               Harry is left alone in the room. He puts his hand in the snackbowl 
               and takes a handful. It turns into a small creature which nips 
               at his hand.
 
                                     HARRY
                         Agh!

               A compartment in the wall opens, there's a glowing blue pool 
               of water there. He looks in. He falls and lands in another time 
               and place. It's a courtroom, the walls have a red glow. Dumbledore 
               is seated next to where Harry is.
 
               
               INT. COURTROOM

                                     HARRY
                         Professor?

               The man seated next to Dumbledore speaks.

                                     MAN
                         Professor.

               Dumbledore and the man shake hands. Their handshake goes through 
               Harry's body, he appears to be some kind of ghost with no presence. 
               Proceedings begin, a cage is raised from inside the floor.
 
               
                                     BARTY
                         Igor Karkaroff, you have been brought 
                         from Azkaban at your own request to 
                         present evidence to this counsel. Should 
                         your testimony prove consequential. 
                         Counsel may be prepared to order your 
                         immediate release. Until such time you 
                         remain in the eyes of the ministry a 
                         convicted deatheater. Do you accept 
                         these terms?
 
                                     IGOR
                         I do sir.

                                     BARTY
                         What do you wish to present?

                                     IGOR
                         I have names sir. There was a Rosier, 
                         Evan Rosier.
 
                                     BARTY
                         Mr Rosier is dead.

                                     IGOR
                         Dead? 

                                     MAD-EYE
                         (To Dumbledore) Yeah took a piece of 
                         me with him though didn't he.
 
               Mad-Eye points to his mechanical eye.

                                     IGOR
                         I didn't know.

                                     BARTY
                         If that is all the witness has to offer...
 
                         
                                     IGOR
                         No! No! There was Rookwood, he was a 
                         spy.
 
                                     BARTY
                         Augustus Rookwood? Of the department 
                         of ministries.
 
                                     IGOR
                         Ya ya, the same. He passed information 
                         to you know who from inside the ministry 
                         itself.
 
                                     BARTY
                         Very well. Counsel will deliberate. 
                         In the meantime you will be returned 
                         to Azkaban.
 
                                     IGOR
                         NO! WAIT! PLEASE! I have more. Snape, 
                         Severus Snape.
 
                                     DUMBLEDORE
                         The counsel is very much aware you have 
                         given evidence on this matter. Severus 
                         Snape was indeed a deatheater and prior 
                         to Lord Voldemort's downfall turned 
                         spy for us at great personal risk. Today 
                         he's no more a deatheater than I am.
 
                         
               Igor protests loudly.

                                     IGOR
                         It's a lie! Severus Snape remains faithful 
                         to the dark lord.
 
                                     BARTY
                         Silence!

               Barty hits the gavel repeatedly.

                                     BARTY
                         Unless the witness possesses any name 
                         of genuine consequence this session 
                         is now concluded.
 
                                     IGOR
                         Oh no no no no no. I heard about one 
                         more.
 
                                     BARTY
                         What's that?

                                     IGOR
                         The name...

                                     BARTY
                         Yes?

                                     IGOR
                         I know for a fact this person took part 
                         in the capture, and by means of the 
                         cruciatus curse, torture of the aurer 
                         Frank Longbottom and...
 
                                     BARTY
                         The name! Give me the wretched name!
 
                         
                                     IGOR
                         Barty Crouch! ... Junior.

               Barty Crouch junior begins to run. Mad-Eye zaps him with magic, 
               he falls into the center of the court. The crowd is in uproar. 
               Guards seize Barty junior.
 
                                     BARTY JR
                         Get your hands off me you pathetic little 
                         men. Hello father.
 
                                     BARTY
                         You are no son of mine.

                                     BARTY JR
                         GAHHHH!

               Harry steps out of the blue pool and we're back in the darkened 
               room.
 
                                     DUMBLEDORE
                         Curiosity's not a sin Harry, but you 
                         should exercise caution. It's a pensieve, 
                         useful if like me you find your mind 
                         a wee bit stretched. It allows me to 
                         see what small things I've already seen. 
                         You see Harry I've searched and searched 
                         for something, some small detail. Something 
                         I might have overlooked, something that 
                         would explain why these terrible things 
                         have happened. Every time I get close 
                         to an answer it slips away, it's maddedning.
 
                         
                                     HARRY
                         Sir, Mr Crouch's son, what happened 
                         to him?
 
                                     DUMBLEDORE
                         He was sent to Azkaban. Destroyed Barty 
                         to do it. But he had no choice, the 
                         evidence was overwhelming. Why do you 
                         ask?
 
                                     HARRY
                         It's just that I had a dream about him. 
                         It was in the summer, before school. 
                         In the dream I was in a house and Voldemort 
                         was there only he wasn't quite human, 
                         and Wormtail was there too and Mr Crouch's 
                         son.
 
                                     DUMBLEDORE
                         Have there been other dreams like this?
 
                         
                                     HARRY
                         Yes. Always the same one. Sir... these 
                         dreams, what I see, you don't think 
                         it's actually happening do you?
 
                                     DUMBLEDORE
                         I think it's unwise for you to linger 
                         over these dreams Harry, I think it's 
                         best that you simply...
 
               Dumbledore puts up his wand and pulls a quivering string of magic 
               out from his head.
 
                                     DUMBLEDORE
                         Cast them away.

               
               INT. CORRIDOR

               Harry is walking along, we hear raised voices from inside the 
               herbs store.
 
                                     IGOR
                         It's a sign Severus, you know what it 
                         means as well as I.
 
               The door opens and they see Harry. He looks at them. Igor leaves.
 
               
                                     SEVERUS
                         Potter! What's your hurry? Congratulations, 
                         your performance in the black lake was 
                         inspiring. Gilliweed, am I correct?
 
                         
                                     HARRY
                         Yes sir.

                                     SEVERUS
                         Ingenious. A rather rare herb gilliweed, 
                         not something found in your every day 
                         garden. Nor is this, know what it is?
 
                         
                                     HARRY
                         Bubble juice sir?

                                     SEVERUS
                         Veritaserum. Three drops of this and 
                         you-know-who himself will spill his 
                         darkest secrets. The use of this on 
                         a student is regrettably forbidden, 
                         however should you ever steal from my 
                         personal stores again, my hand might 
                         just slip over your morning pumpkin 
                         juice. 
 
                                     HARRY
                         I haven't stolen anything.

                                     SEVERUS
                         Don't lie to me. Gilliweed might be 
                         innocuous, but boomslang skin? lacewing 
                         flies? You and your friends are brewing 
                         polyjuice potion and believe me I'm 
                         going to find out why.
 
               Severus closes the door in Harry's face.

               
               EXT. ARENA

               Music is playing and a large crowd is gathered. The champions 
               emerge.
 
                                     DUMBLEDORE
                         Earlier today Professor Moody placed 
                         the tri-wizards cup deep within the 
                         maze. Only he knows its exact position. 
                         Now as Mr Diggory...
 
               The crowd cheer on hearing his name.

                                     DUMBLEDORE
                         (continued) and Mr Potter tied for first 
                         position they will be the first to enter 
                         the maze. Followed by Mr Krum...
 
               The bulgarian crowd go nuts.

                                     DUMBLEDORE
                         (continued) The first person to touch 
                         the cup will be the winner. I've instructed 
                         the staff to patrol the perimeter, if 
                         at any point should a contestant wish 
                         to withdraw from the task he or she 
                         need only send up red sparks with their 
                         wands. Contestants, gather round.
 
                         
                                     DUMBLEDORE
                         (To the contestants) In the maze you'll 
                         find not dragons or creatures of the 
                         deep. Instead you'll face something 
                         more challenging. You see, people change 
                         in the maze. Oh find the cup if you 
                         can, but be very weary you could just 
                         lose yourselves along the way.
 
                                     MAD-EYE
                         Champions! Prepare yourselves.

               Cedric hugs his father.

                                     DUMBLEDORE
                         On the count of three... ONE...

               The cannon goes off. Mr Filch shrugs comically. Dumbledore groans. 
               Harry and Cedric enter the maze through different entrances. 
               The entrance closes up behind Harry. Heavy mist sets in, we pan 
               out to see the maze is many stories tall. Harry starts traversing 
               the maze, creature noises are all around.
 
               Cedric is walking along, the maze walls begin to close in on 
               him. He makes a run for it. Fleur is running around scared, she 
               is attacked and knocked down. Viktor comes along and sees she's 
               unconscious on the ground, he walks on. Harry sees Fleur being 
               swallowed into the undergrowth.
 
                                     HARRY
                         Fleur? Fleur!

               He's too late she's disappeared. He sends up a red spark into 
               the air. A heavy wind starts blowing, walls are closing in, Harry 
               runs. Harry sees something shining in the distance and he moves 
               towards it Viktor tries to zap him but misses.
 
                                     CEDRIC
                         Get down!

               Harry ducks and Viktor gets zapped by Cedric. Cedric runs up 
               and kicks the wand out of Viktor's hand. He points his wand at 
               Viktor's body as if to finish him off, Harry runs up and intervenes.
 
               
                                     HARRY
                         No stop! He's bewitched Cedric.

               They struggle.

                                     CEDRIC
                         Get off me!

                                     HARRY
                         He's bewitched!

               The two of them begin running towards the cup. The undergrowth 
               grabs Cedric and he falls to the ground. Harry looks back. Cedric 
               is pinned down with no means of escape.
 
                                     CEDRIC
                         Harry! Harry!

               Harry zaps the plantlife and Cedric wriggles free. Harry helps 
               him up.
 
                                     CEDRIC
                         You know for a moment there I thought 
                         you were gonna let it get me.
 
                                     HARRY
                         For a moment so did I.

                                     CEDRIC
                         Some game huh?

                                     HARRY
                         Some game.

               The wind starts blowing again.

                                     CEDRIC
                         Go. Take it, you saved me!

                                     HARRY
                         Together, on three. One, two, three!
 
                         
               
               EXT. GRAVEYARD

               Harry and Cedric have ported to a graveyard. 

                                     CEDRIC
                         You ok?

                                     HARRY
                         Yeah, you?

                                     CEDRIC
                         Where are we?

                                     HARRY
                         I've been here before.

                                     CEDRIC
                         It's a portkey. Harry the cup is a portkey.
 
                         
                                     HARRY
                         I've been here before in a dream. Cedric, 
                         we have to get back to the cup? Now!
 
                         
                                     CEDRIC
                         What are you talking about?

               Harry lets out a shout and holds his head, he is in pain.

                                     CEDRIC
                         What is it?

                                     HARRY
                         Get back to the cup!

               We see Wormtail and Voldemort nearby. 

                                     CEDRIC
                         Who are you? What do you want?

                                     VOLDEMORT
                         Kill the spare.

               Wormtail casts a spell and kills Cedric.

                                     HARRY
                         Cedric!

               Cedric lays dead on the ground.

               Wormtail pulls Harry closer, a status grabs hold of Harry and 
               traps him.
 
                                     VOLDEMORT
                         Do it, now!

               Wormtail drops something into a cauldron, Harry watches on. 
 
               
                                     WORMTAIL
                         Bones of the father, unwillingly given. 
                         
 
               A bone hovers in the air under Wormtail's control, he drops it 
               into the cauldron.
 
                                     WORMTAIL
                         Flesh of the servent willingly sacrificed. 
                         
 
               He takes a knife and slashes his arm over the cauldron.

                                     WORMTAIL
                         Blood of the enemy forcibly taken.
 
                         
               He takes the knife to Harry and cuts at his arm. Harry shouts. 
               Wormtail takes the knife over to the cauldron and lets the drops 
               fall into it.
 
                                     WORMTAIL
                         The dark lord shall rise again. 

               The cauldron bursts into flame and a reformed Voldemort emerges.
 
               
                                     VOLDEMORT
                         My wand Wormtail.

               Wormtail hands him the wand and bows deeply.

                                     VOLDEMORT
                         Hold out your arm.

                                     WORMTAIL
                         Master. Thank you master.

                                     VOLDEMORT
                         The other arm Wormtail.

               Wormtail looks concerned, but does it anyway. Voldemort sticks 
               the wand into Wormtail's arm. The sky changes, others have been 
               summoned.
 
                                     VOLDEMORT
                         Welcome my friends. Thirty years it's 
                         been, and yet you stand before me as 
                         though it were only yesterday. I confess 
                         myself disappointed, not one of you 
                         tried to find me. 
 
               Voldemort begins slashing angrily at the hooded figures. 

                                     VOLDEMORT
                         Not even you, Lucius. 

                                     LUCIUS
                         My lord. Had I detected any sign or 
                         even a whisper of your whereabouts.
 
                         
                                     VOLDEMORT
                         There were signs my friend, and more 
                         than whispers. 
 
                                     LUCIUS
                         I assure you I never renounced the old 
                         ways. The face I have been obliged to 
                         present each day since your absence, 
                         that was my true mask.
 
                                     WORMTAIL
                         I returned.

                                     VOLDEMORT
                         Out of fear, not loyalty. Still you 
                         have proved yourself useful these past 
                         few months Wormtail.
 
               Voldemort grants Wormtail a new hand.

                                     WORMTAIL
                         Thank you master, thank you.

                                     VOLDEMORT
                         (To Cedric's corpse) Oh, such a handsome 
                         boy. 
 
                                     HARRY
                         Don't touch him.

               Harry struggles to get free.

                                     VOLDEMORT
                         Harry! I'd almost forgotten you were 
                         here. Standing on the bones of my father. 
                         I'd introduce you but word has it you're 
                         almost as famous as me these days. The 
                         boy who lived. How lies have fed your 
                         legend Harry. Shall I reveal what really 
                         happened that night thirteen years ago? 
                         Shall I divulge how I truly lost my 
                         powers? It was love. You see when dear 
                         sweet Lily Potter gave her life for 
                         her only son she provided the ultimate 
                         protection. I could not touch you. It 
                         was old magic, something I should have 
                         forseen. But no matter, no matter. Things 
                         have changed, I can touch you now!
 
                         
               Voldemort puts his hand on Harry's head and he screams.

                                     VOLDEMORT
                         Astonishing what a few drops of your 
                         blood will do eh Harry? Pick up your 
                         wand Potter. I said pick it up, get 
                         up. Get up! You've been taught how to 
                         duel I presume yes? First we bow to 
                         each other. Come on now Harry the niceties 
                         must be observed, Dumbledore would not 
                         want you to forget your manners now 
                         would he? I said bow!
 
               Voldemort forces Harry to bow with magic.

                                     VOLDEMORT
                         That's better. And now...

               Voldemort casts at Harry and he wriggles in pain.

                                     VOLDEMORT
                         Atta boy Harry, your parents would be 
                         proud. Especially your filthy mongrel 
                         mother. I'm going to kill you Harry 
                         Potter, I'm going to destroy you. After 
                         tonight no one will ever again question 
                         my powers. After tonight if they speak 
                         of you they'll speak only of how you 
                         begged for death, and I being a merciful 
                         lord obliged. Get up.
 
               Voldemort pulls Harry to his feet, Harry begins to move away.
 
               
                                     VOLDEMORT
                         Don't you turn your back on me Harry 
                         Potter I want you to look at me when 
                         I kill you, I want to see the lights 
                         leave your eyes.
 
               Harry takes steps toward Voldemort.

                                     HARRY
                         Have it your way.

               They both cast and their streams of magic meet. They both struggle.
 
               
                                     VOLDEMORT
                         Do nothing. He is mine to finish. He's 
                         mine!
 
               Shapes form in the surrounding magical energy. We hear Dumbledore's 
               voice.
 
                                     HARRY'S DAD
                         (voice) Harry when the connection is 
                         broken you must get to the portkey. 
                         We can delay it for a moment to give 
                         you time but only a moment, do you understand?
 
                         
                                     CEDRIC
                         (voice) Harry take my body back will 
                         you? Take my body back to my father.
 
                         
                                     HARRY'S MOTHER
                         (voice) Let go. Sweetheart you're ready. 
                         Let go! Let go!
 
               The connection breaks, Harry runs over to Cedric's body and summons 
               the cup over to them. In an instant the port out. Voldemort looks 
               angry.
 
                                     VOLDEMORT
                         No!

               
               EXT. ARENA

               Back at the arena Harry appears with Cedric's body. The crowd 
               don't understand what has taken place and they all cheer, triumphant 
               music starts to play. Harry weeps on Cedric's body. 
 
                                     DUMBLEDORE
                         Harry! Harry!

               Dumbledore tries to prize Harry from Cedric's body.

                                     DUMBLEDORE
                         Tell me what happened!

                                     HARRY
                         He's back, he's back! Voldemort's back. 
                         Cedric, he asked me to bring his body 
                         back. I couldn't leave him, not there.
 
                         
                                     DUMBLEDORE
                         It's alright Harry. It's alright, he's 
                         home, you both are.
 
                                     FUDGE
                         Keep everybody in their seats. A boy 
                         has just been killed. The body must 
                         be moved Dumbledore, there are... too 
                         many people.
 
                                     AMOS
                         Let me through! That's my son! My boy!
 
                         
               Amos breaks down wailing. The crowd look on distraught.

               
               INT. DARKENED ROOM

               Mad-Eye Moody enters and closes the door behind him. Harry is 
               in the room still sobbing. They sit. 
 
                                     MAD-EYE
                         Are you alright Potter?

               Harry nods.

                                     MAD-EYE
                         Does it hurt?

                                     HARRY
                         Not so much now.

                                     MAD-EYE
                         I'd better take a look at it.

               We see Harry's arm, it has a skull and snake marking.

                                     HARRY
                         The cup was a portkey. Someone had bewitched 
                         it.
 
                                     MAD-EYE
                         What was it like? What was he like?
 
                         
                                     HARRY
                         Who?

                                     MAD-EYE
                         The dark lord. What was it like to stand 
                         in his presence?
 
                                     HARRY
                         I dunno. It was like I'd fallen into 
                         one of my dreams. One of my nightmares. 
                         
 
               Mad-Eye starts shaking and struggling for air, he reaches for 
               his bottle but it's empty. He rushes to a chest with other bottles 
               and struggles to find one.
 
                                     MAD-EYE
                         Were there others? In the graveyard, 
                         were there others?
 
                                     HARRY
                         Um. I don't think I said anything about 
                         a graveyard Professor.
 
                                     MAD-EYE
                         Marvellous creatures dragons aren't 
                         they? Do you think that miserable oaf 
                         would have led you into the woods if 
                         I hadn't suggested it? Do you think 
                         Cedric Diggory would have told you to 
                         hold the egg under the water if I hadn't 
                         have told him first myself? Do you think 
                         Neville Longbottom the witless wonder 
                         could have provided you with gilliweed 
                         if I hadn't have given him the book 
                         that led you straight to it? Huh??
 
                         
                                     HARRY
                         It was you from the beginning. You put 
                         my name in the goblet of fire. You bewitched 
                         Krum. But...
 
               Mad-Eye makes sobbing noises making fun of Harry.

                                     MAD-EYE
                         You won because I made it so Potter. 
                         You ended up in that graveyard tonight 
                         because it was meant to be so. And now 
                         the deed is done. The blood that runs 
                         through these veins runs within the 
                         dark lord. Imagine how he will reward 
                         me when he learns that I have once and 
                         for all silenced the great Harry Potter.
 
                         
               A flash of magic occurs and Mad-Eye is knocked into the wall. 
               Dumbledore and Severus come rushing in. Dumbledore takes Mad-Eye 
               by the neck...
 
                                     DUMBLEDORE
                         Severus...

               Severus administers some veritaserum. Mad-Eye wriggles demonically.
 
               
                                     DUMBLEDORE
                         Do you know who I am?

                                     MAD-EYE
                         Albus Dumbledore.

                                     DUMBLEDORE
                         Are you Alastor Moody? Are ya?

                                     MAD-EYE
                         No.

                                     DUMBLEDORE
                         Is he in this room? Is he in this room?
 
                         
               We see a nod.

                                     DUMBLEDORE
                         Harry get away from there!

               Dumbledore approaches the chest. The chest opens, it contains 
               a series of smaller chests. When the final chest is open we see 
               that there's a pit within holding a man the real Alastor Moody.
 
               
                                     DUMBLEDORE
                         Are you alright Alastor?

                                     ALASTOR
                         I'm sorry Albus.

                                     HARRY
                         That's Moody, but then who's...?

               Dumbledore holds up one of Mad-Eye's Bottles.

                                     SEVERUS
                         Polyjuice potion.

                                     DUMBLEDORE
                         Now we know who's been stealing it from 
                         your store Severus.
 
               Dumbledore looks into the pit.

                                     DUMBLEDORE
                         We'll get you up in a minute.

               Alastor Moody groans. The Mad-Eye Moody they have captive in 
               a chair begins to twitch about restlessly making strange noises. 
               He appears to be transforming. He rips off his fake eyepiece 
               which falls on the floor, we see that he's transformed into Barty 
               Crouch Junior.
 
                                     DUMBLEDORE
                         Barty Crouch Junior.

                                     BARTY JR
                         I'll show you mine if you show me yours.
 
                         
               Barty Jr rolls up his sleeve to reveal a skull and snake marking.
 
               
                                     DUMBLEDORE
                         Your arm Harry.

                                     BARTY JR
                         You know what this means don't you? 
                         He's back. Lord Voldemort has returned.
 
                         
                                     DUMBLEDORE
                         Send an owl to Azkaban, think they'll 
                         find they're missing a prisoner. 
 
                         
                                     BARTY JR
                         I'll be welcomed back like a hero.
 
                         
                                     DUMBLEDORE
                         Perhaps. Personally I've never had much 
                         time for heroes.
 
               
               INT. ASSEMBLY ROOM

                                     DUMBLEDORE
                         (Speaking to all pupils) Today we acknowledge 
                         a really terrible loss. Cedric Diggory 
                         was as you all know, exceptionally hard 
                         working, intricately fair minded. And 
                         most importantly a fierce fierce friend. 
                         I think therefore you have the right 
                         to know exactly how he died. You see, 
                         Cedric Diggory was murdered by Lord 
                         Voldemort. The ministry of magic does 
                         not wish me to tell you this. But not 
                         to do so I think would be an insult 
                         to his memory. Now the pain we all feel 
                         at this dreadful loss reminds me, reminds 
                         us that while we may come from different 
                         places and speak in different tongues, 
                         our hearts beat as one. In light of 
                         recent events the bonds of friendship 
                         we made this year will be more important 
                         than ever. Remember that and Cedric 
                         Diggory will not have died in vain, 
                         you remember that. And we'll celebrate 
                         a boy who was kind and honest and brave 
                         and true right to the very end.
 
               
               INT. BEDROOM

               Harry is sitting on a bed, Dumbledore walks in.

                                     DUMBLEDORE
                         I never liked these curtains. Set them 
                         on fire in my fourth year, by accident 
                         of course. I put you in terrible danger 
                         this year Harry I'm sorry.
 
                                     HARRY
                         Professor, when I was in the graveyard 
                         there was a moment... um... when Voldemort's 
                         wand and mine sort of connected.
 
                                     DUMBLEDORE
                         Priorium Contatum. You saw your parents 
                         that night didn't you? They reappeared.
 
                         
               Harry nods.

                                     DUMBLEDORE
                         No spell can reawaken the dead Harry 
                         I trust you know that. Dark and diffiult 
                         times lie ahead. Soon we must all face 
                         the choice between what is right what 
                         is easy. But remember this, you have 
                         friends here. You're not alone.
 
               
               EXT. HOGWARTS

               There's a large crowd gathered, the pupils are going home. Viktor 
               Krum gives Hermione a kiss and hands her some paper.
 
                                     VIKTOR
                         Write to me. Promise.

                                     HERMIONE
                         Bye.

               Ron is sitting alone. The french sisters approach him, they both 
               in turn give him a kiss on the head.
 
                                     FLEUR
                         Au revoir Ron.

               The Beauxbatons girls leave in uniform, the crowd applauds. The 
               Durmstrang boys leave too, shaking hands as they go.
 
                                     RON
                         Do you think we'll ever just have a 
                         quiet year at Hogwarts?
 
                                     HERMIONE
                         No.

                                     HARRY
                         No I don't think so.

                                     HERMIONE
                         Everything's going to change now isn't 
                         it?
 
                                     HARRY
                         Yes.

                                     HERMIONE
                         Promise you'll write this summer. Both 
                         of you.
 
                                     RON
                         Well I won't. You know I won't!

                                     HERMIONE
                         Harry will won't you?

                                     HARRY
                         Yeah. Every week.

               They look over the balcony, the flying horses pulling a carriage 
               head off into the distance. The Bulgarians' ship goes underwater.
 
               
               
               FADE OUT.


___EOF___



                HARRY POTTER AND THE HALF-BLOOD PRINCE



                             Written by

                             Steve Kloves




    1.


    DARKNESS.

    THUNDER -- or something like it -- sounds in the
    distance.

    BOOM.   Then again.   BOOM.

    We GLIDE THROUGH the inky blackness. Ambient flashes
    illuminate the silhouette of the WB LOGO. We PASS
    THROUGH.

    INTO more darkness.   Lost.   More FLASHES.   And we --

                                                         CUT TO:


    A SINGLE EYE
    Blank behind glasses.   FLASH!   The PUPIL CONTRACTS and
    we --

                                                         CUT TO:


1   INT. MINISTRY OF MAGIC - ATRIUM - WIDER ANGLE - DAY             1

    To find... HARRY POTTER, standing numbly beside ALBUS
    DUMBLEDORE amidst a MOB of REPORTERS. CAMERAS FLASH.
    Dumbledore's hand finds his shoulder and Harry is moving,
    drifting through the chaos, Dumbledore protective,
    graceful, dignified.


    CLOSEUP - HARRY'S GLASSES

    His eyes dart from side to side.    The lenses glimmer with
    abstraction. We --

                                                  DISSOLVE INTO:


2   EXT. LONDON OFFICE BUILDING - CONFERENCE ROOM - DAY             2

    ... glass, a window, its surface prickling with another
    kind of ambient light. We are looking INTO a conference
    room where office workers sit around a table. But the
    light has caught one worker's eye, then another, and soon
    they are all rising, stepping to the window, mesmerized
    by what lies beyond.




                                                       (CONTINUED)

 2.
2   CONTINUED:                                                     2
    WORKERS' POV - LONDON SKYLINE

    Blood-red and stormy. A VORTEX of CLOUDS -- strangely
    ominous -- hangs high in the sky, flashing from within,
    as if about to rain blood over the city. We --

                                                       CUT INTO:


    THE STORM

    itself and...

    ... PLUMMET, London expanding, stretching out on all
    sides. We SWEEP madly OVER Charing Cross, leaving the
    Muggle world behind and SWOOP INTO...

3   EXT. DIAGON ALLEY - DAY                                        3

    ... Diagon Alley just as the front window of OLLIVANDER'S
    WAND SHOP EXPLODES. Witches and wizards flee. In the
    drifting smoke, DEATH EATERS appear, accompanied by a
    tall, sinewy beast of a man, FENRIR GREYBACK. With a
    casual sweep of his hand he sends a wizard flying and a
    witch screams. In deep b.g., two Death Eaters abduct a
    SHROUDED FIGURE (Ollivander). Greyback grins, then
    APPARATES, along with the others...

    ... leaving Diagon Alley behind. The streets of London
    appear below once more, and then the river. Black trails
    -- the Death Eaters -- streak across the sky and then
    turn TRANSLUCENT as they encircle the MILLENNIUM BRIDGE.
    Pedestrians peer upward, bewildered, sensing a shift in
    the atmosphere. And then...
    The BRIDGE CRUMBLES into the THAMES, the image
    horrifyingly beautiful, as is the SOUND of it, a ROAR, a
    wail, the last cry of a lion. Then the image begins to
    FADE and all goes slowly SILENT, until only a WHISTLING
    WIND is heard and...


4   EXT. MILL TOWN - LATE AFTERNOON                                4

    ... tall grasses toss dreamily in a SLANTING RAIN. An               
    OLD MILL lists like an ancient ruin against a charcoal
    sky. A DARK FIGURE (NARCISSA MALFOY) MATERIALIZES. As
    she turns for the town in the distance, another witch
    materializes: BELLATRIX LESTRANGE.

                              BELLATRIX
                Narcissa!

    3.


5   EXT. SPINNER'S END - LATE AFTERNOON (MOMENTS LATER)             5

    Like a rat in a maze, Narcissa makes her way through a
    labyrinth of dilapidated brick houses. Bellatrix trails.

                            BELLATRIX
              Cissy! You mustn't do this.     He
              can't be trusted.

                            NARCISSA
              The Dark Lord trusts him.

                            BELLATRIX
              The Dark Lord is mistaken.

    Narcissa turns, shocked. Bellatrix looks shocked
    herself, rain running down her cheeks.                               
                            BELLATRIX
              Or so I believe.

                            NARCISSA
              Well, who can one trust these
              days?


6   INT. MILL HOUSE - SAME TIME - LATE AFTERNOON                    6

    Grim and dark, lit by guttering candles. RAIN drums the              
    roof eerily. A KNOCKER CLANGS. A SQUAT MAN SHUFFLES                  
    forth, something familiar in his gait.


7   EXT. HOUSE (SPINNER'S END) - SAME TIME - LATE AFTERNOON         7

    The door cracks, spilling sallow light onto Narcissa and
    Bellatrix. A face: WORMTAIL.


8   INT. HALLWAY - LATE AFTERNOON (MOMENTS LATER)                   8

    The sisters follow Wormtail down a narrow hallway.

                            BELLATRIX
              He lives in this Muggle dunghill?

    Wormtail glowers over his shoulder at her.     They pass
    into...


9   INT. MILL HOUSE - SITTING ROOM - LATE AFTERNOON (MOMENTS        9
    LATER)

    ... a room where a MAN sits by the window running with               
    RAIN, his face hidden by the Daily Prophet.                          
                                                       (CONTINUED)

  4.
9    CONTINUED:                                                   9
     On the front page is a PHOTOGRAPH of the MILLENNIUM
     BRIDGE CRASHING INTO THE THAMES. But even more prominent
     is the SILHOUETTE of a YOUNG WIZARD and a HEADLINE:

                  HARRY POTTER: THE CHOSEN ONE?
            Young Wizard Destined to Kill You-Know-Who?

     The paper drops and SEVERUS SNAPE eyes the women
     curiously.

                             SNAPE
               Run along, Wormtail.


10   INT. MILL HOUSE - SITTING ROOM - LATE AFTERNOON (MOMENTS     10
     LATER)
     Snape fills the last of three goblets with wine.

                             NARCISSA
               I've nowhere else to turn,
               Severus.

     Snape hands her a goblet, extends one to Bellatrix.

                             BELLATRIX
               You must be joking.

     Snape smiles faintly, brings the goblet to his own lips.

                             NARCISSA
               I know I ought not to be here.
               The Dark Lord himself has
               forbidden me to speak of this --

                             SNAPE
               If the Dark Lord has forbidden it,
               you ought not to speak.
                    (eyes shifting)
               Put it down, Bella. We mustn't
               touch what isn't ours.

     Bellatrix, DARK CURIO in hand, glowers, sets it back
     down.

                             SNAPE
               As it so happens I'm aware of your
               situation, Narcissa.

                              BELLATRIX
                      The Dark Lord told you?
               You?
                             SNAPE
               Your sister doubts me, Narcissa.
               Understandable.
                             (MORE)
                                                        (CONTINUED)

   5.
10   CONTINUED:                                                    10
                              SNAPE (CONT'D)
                Over the years I have played my
                part well. So well I've deceived
                one of the greatest wizards of all
                time.

     Bellatrix makes a scathing sound.    Snape turns, eyes
     hard.

                             SNAPE
               Dumbledore is a great wizard.
               Only a fool would question it.

                             NARCISSA
               I... I don't doubt you, Severus.

                             BELLATRIX
               You should feel honored, Cissy.
               As should Draco --

                             NARCISSA
               He's just a boy!

                             SNAPE
               I can't change the Dark Lord's
               mind. But it might be possible
               for me to help Draco. To provide
               some... protection.

     Bellatrix eyes Snape keenly.

                             NARCISSA
               Do you mean it, Severus?

                              SNAPE
               I can try.
                             NARCISSA
               Oh, Severus, please, if you
                                                                         
               would... (I would be forever in
                                                                         
               your debt.)
                              BELLATRIX
               Swear to it.

     Snape's eyes shift, meet Bellatrix's challenging gaze.

                             BELLATRIX
               Make the Unbreakable Vow.
                    (as Snape looks away)
               You see. It's just empty words.
               Oh he'll try. He'll give it his
               best effort. But when it matters
               most he'll slither back into his
               hole. Bloody coward...

                                                        (CONTINUED)

   6.
10   CONTINUED: (2)                                                10
     Bellatrix goes on MUTTERING as she splashes some wine
     into a goblet. Snape turns back, anger flashing in his
     eyes.

                             SNAPE
               Take out your wand.

     Bellatrix freezes, goblet to her lips. As she lowers it,
     a rivulet of red runs out of the corner of her mouth.


     NEW ANGLE - MOMENTS LATER

     Snape faces Narcissa. Bellatrix, hand faintly trembling,
     places the tip of her wand over their LINKED hands.

                             BELLATRIX
               Will you, Severus Snape, watch
               over Draco Malfoy as he attempts
               to fulfill the Dark Lord's wishes.

                             SNAPE
               I will.

     A SINGLE STRAND of LIQUID FIRE issues from Bellatrix's
     wand and wends its way around their hands.

                             BELLATRIX
               And will you, to the best of your
               ability, protect him from harm?

                             SNAPE
               I will.

     A SECOND STRAND of FIRE intertwines with the first.
                             BELLATRIX
               And should it prove necessary, if
               it seems Draco will fail... will
               you yourself carry out the deed
               that the Dark Lord has ordered
               Draco to perform?

     Snape's hand TWITCHES within Narcissa's.   Bellatrix
     waits.

                             SNAPE
               I will.


11   EXT. LONDON UNDERGROUND - NIGHT                               11

     A TRAIN blasts through the station.

   7.


12   EXT. "TREATS" FOOD STAND - SAME TIME - NIGHT                   12

     Late. Lonely men and women loiter on the platform. At a
     food stand, patrons grimly read their TABLOID of choice.
     CAMERA TRACKS PAST The Daily Mail, The Sun, The Mirror --
     LANDS ON... the Daily Prophet. The SILHOUETTE. The
     HEADLINE: "HARRY POTTER: THE CHOSEN ONE?"

     But the (unseen) reader is fixated on a   SMALLER ITEM,
     tucked at the bottom corner of the back   page: "Malfoy
     Sentenced to Azkaban." TWO PHOTOGRAPHS    accompany the
     piece, one of LUCIUS MALFOY, another of   Narcissa and
     DRACO MALFOY as they exit a courtroom.    Draco's eyes look
     distant, haunted.

                               WAITRESS (O.S.)
               Harry Potter.    Who's Harry Potter?
     The paper drops, reveals... Harry. He glances up at the
     YOUNG WAITRESS who stands over him. Pretty. Very
     pretty.

                             HARRY
               Oh. Um.   No one. Bit of a
               tosser.

     As she leans over to clear his chips wrappings, Harry's
     gaze drifts over the smooth skin of her neck, the spray
     of freckles across one cheek...

                             WAITRESS
               Funny that paper of yours. Couple
               nights ago, I could swear I saw
               one of the pictures move.

                               HARRY
               Really.

                             WAITRESS
               Thought I'd gone round the twist.

     She makes a face, smiles.   A smile to die for.    Starts to
     go.

                              HARRY
               Hey.   I was wondering...

                             WAITRESS
               Eleven. That's when I get off.
                    (the smile)
               You can tell me all about that
               tosser Harry Potter.

     Harry watches her go, then quickly reaches into his coat
     and fumbles out a S'Mints container. Just then...
                                                        (CONTINUED)

  8.
12   CONTINUED:                                                   12
     ... a LIGHT on the opposite PLATFORM FLICKERS. Harry
     looks. It FLICKERS again and this time a small cloud of
     GLITTERING DUST dances over the opposite platform. As a
     TRAIN ROARS past, Harry squints through the flickering
     windows and watches the dust transform into... ALBUS
     DUMBLEDORE. Leveling his glasses, he peers across the
     platform, smiles and gives Harry a wave.


13   EXT. OPPOSITE PLATFORM - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER)               13

     As Harry arrives, he finds Dumbledore studying a PERFUME
     ADVERTISEMENT which shows a MODEL with a WAND in her
     teeth: "Tonight Make a Little Magic With Your Man."

                             DUMBLEDORE
               I once knew a Muggle girl from
               Liverpool with hair like spun
               silk. No light could resist it...
                    (turning)
               You've been reckless this summer,
               Harry.

                             HARRY
               I like riding round on the trains.
               It takes my mind off... things.

     Harry hesitates, notices Dumbledore's hand is ASH BLACK.

                             DUMBLEDORE
               Rather unpleasant to behold, isn't
               it? The tale is thrilling if I do
               say so myself, but I'm afraid now
               is not the time to tell it. Take
               my arm.
                    (extending it)
               Do as I say.

     Harry glances across the platform, sees the freckled
     Waitress appear, eye his empty table. Slowly, he reaches
     out and -- instantly -- all goes BLACK in a RUSH of SOUND
     and FURY, as if Harry had been pitched headlong into a
     tornado. Seconds later...


14   EXT. VILLAGE SQUARE - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER)                  14

     ... he re-emerges into the world, reeling, eyes stinging
     with tears. Slowly, his planet stops spinning.

                             HARRY
               I just Apparated, didn't I?



                                                        (CONTINUED)

  9.
14   CONTINUED:                                                   14
                             DUMBLEDORE
               Indeed. And quite successfully I
               might add. Most people vomit
               their first time.

                             HARRY
               Can't imagine why...


     NEW ANGLE - MOMENTS LATER

     Dumbledore leads Harry up a steep narrow street lined
     with darkened houses.

                             DUMBLEDORE
               Welcome to the charming village of
               Budleigh Babberton, Harry. I
               assume right about now you're
               wondering why I've brought you
               here, am I right?

                             HARRY
                    (glancing about)
               After all these years, I just sort
               of roll with it, sir.

     Dumbledore smiles mildly, then pauses, his face
     darkening. Before them stands a SMALL STONE HOUSE.     But
     something is wrong about the place.

                             DUMBLEDORE
               Wand out, Harry.


15   INT. SLUGHORN'S HOUSE - SAME TIME - NIGHT                    15
     THROUGH a crack in the front door: Dumbledore and Harry
     move swiftly up the walk and enter.

                             DUMBLEDORE
               Lumos...
     The tip of Dumbledore's WAND BLAZES.   He sweeps the
     shadows. CALLS OUT.

                             DUMBLEDORE
               Horace!
     Nothing. Dumbledore points his wand down a NARROW
     HALLWAY. Motes of dust dance in the wandlight, but
     nothing else. He starts down the hallway, toward the
     OPEN DOORWAY at its end. Slowly, the room beyond comes
     INTO VIEW:

     HARRY POTTER... HALF-BLOOD PRINCE - Rev. 11/6/07       10.


16    INT. SLUGHORN'S HOUSE - SITTING ROOM - NIGHT                16

      Utter devastation. A GRANDFATHER CLOCK lays upon the
      floor, its face cracked. A PIANO sags in the corner,
      keys strewn like teeth upon the rug. A copy of the Daily
      Prophet trembles in the breeze from a half-open window.
      As Harry looks, a DROP of something WET strikes the word
      "CHOSEN." His gaze rises.

      He GASPS. A substance DARK and GLUTINOUS is spattered
      upon the ceiling. Dumbledore raises his wand. The
      ceiling SCREAMS RED. Another drop falls and this one
      strikes Harry's SCAR. As Harry moves to wipe it away,
      Dumbledore grabs his hand.

      Training his light on Harry's forehead, Dumbledore flicks
      a blackened finger over the scar. Brings it to his
      tongue. Reacts. Turning, his eyes narrow on an
      OVERSTUFFED ARMCHAIR. Moving to it, he JABS his wand
      into the plump seat cushion.

                              ARMCHAIR
                Merlin's Beard!
      Instantly, the Armchair mutates into HUMAN FORM, though
      briefly gets caught inbetween. After a bit of GRUMBLING,
      SEAM-SPLITTING and the POPPING of a cushion button or
      two, a FAT OLD MAN (HORACE SLUGHORN) in a pair of WELL-
      WORN lilac pajamas appears.

                              SLUGHORN
                     (rubbing his rump)
                There's no need to disfigure me,
                Albus!

                              DUMBLEDORE
                I must say, you make a very
                convincing armchair, Horace.

                              SLUGHORN
                It's all in the upholstery.
                     (patting his stomach)
                I come by the stuffing naturally.
                What gave me away?

                              DUMBLEDORE
                     (nodding to the
                      ceiling)
                Dragon's blood.

                              SLUGHORN
                Yes, well, I couldn't very well
                use wizard's blood, could I? Oho!


                                                        (CONTINUED)

     HARRY POTTER... HALF-BLOOD PRINCE - Rev. 11/6/07       11.
16    CONTINUED:                                                  16
      Slughorn takes a step back, having spotted Harry. The
      blood on Harry's forehead only serves to highlight his
      scar.

                              DUMBLEDORE
                Ah yes. Introductions. Harry,
                this is an old friend and
                colleague of mine, Horace
                Slughorn. Horace, this is, well,
                you know who this is.
                     (a droll whisper)
                Apparently there's some thought he
                may be the Chosen One.

      Slughorn stares at Harry as if hypnotized.

                              DUMBLEDORE
                So why all the theatrics, Horace?
                You weren't perhaps expecting
                someone else, were you?

                              SLUGHORN
                     (blinking)
                S-someone else? I'm sure I don't
                know what you mean.

      Dumbledore raises an eyebrow.   Slughorn caves.

                               SLUGHORN
                Oh all right! The Death Eaters
                have been trying to recruit me for
                over a year. Do you know what
                that's like? One can only say no
                to these people so many times
                before they...
                              DUMBLEDORE
                Take matters into their own hands?

      Slughorn eyes Dumbledore miserably, gestures.

                              SLUGHORN
                I never stay anywhere more than a
                week. The Muggles who own this
                place are in the Canary Islands.

                              DUMBLEDORE
                Well, I think it should be put
                back in order for them, don't you?
                Mind?




                                                        (CONTINUED)

   12.
16    CONTINUED: (2)                                                16
      Dumbledore raises his wand. Instantly, the grandfather
      clock resumes its rightful place, shattered lanterns re-
      ignite and the blood on the ceiling evaporates -- just as
      the piano keys tumble back into place with a pleasant
      MUSICAL run.

                                DUMBLEDORE
                That was fun.    May I use the loo?

      As Dumbledore heads down the hall, Slughorn calls after.

                              SLUGHORN
                Don't think I don't know why
                you're here, Albus! The answer is
                still no! Absolutely,
                unequivocally no!
      Dumbledore doesn't respond. Slughorn glances at Harry.
      The silence is palpable. Awkward. A beat. Then:

                              SLUGHORN
                You look very like your father.
                Except for your eyes. You've
                got --

                              HARRY
                My mother's eyes, yeah.

                              SLUGHORN
                     (smiling softly)
                Lily. Lovely Lily. She was
                exceedingly bright -- your mother.
                Even more impressive when one
                considers she was Muggle-born.

                              HARRY
                One of my best friends is Muggle-
                born. She's the best in our year.

                              SLUGHORN
                Oh, but you mustn't think I'm
                prejudiced! No, no, no! Your
                mother was one of my absolute
                favorites! Look, there she is.
                Right up front.

      Slughorn waves to a dresser crowded with PHOTOGRAPHS.

                              SLUGHORN
                All mine, each and every one. Ex-
                students, I mean. You recognize
                Barnubas Cuffe, of course, editor
                of the Daily Prophet.
                              (MORE)

                                                        (CONTINUED)

     HARRY POTTER... HALF-BLOOD PRINCE - Rev. 11/6/07       13.
16    CONTINUED: (3)                                              16
                               SLUGHORN (CONT'D)
                 Always takes my owl should I want
                 to register my opinion on the news
                 of the day. And there's Ambrosius
                 Flume of Honeydukes. Sends a
                 hamper of chocolate to the house
                 each birthday. That is, when I
                 had a house. And Gwenog Jones,
                 captain of the Holyhead Harpies --
                 free tickets whenever I want them.
                 Of course, I haven't been to a
                 match in some time...

      Harry steps forward, takes a picture of one particular
      BOY, a boy who resembles... Sirius. Seeing Harry thus
      distracted, he studies him intently, like a rare object.

                               SLUGHORN
                Ah yes. Regulus Black. You no
                doubt know of his older brother
                Sirius. Died a few weeks ago. I
                taught the whole Black family
                except Sirius. Shame. Talented
                boy. I got Regulus when he came
                along, of course, but I'd have
                liked the set.

                              DUMBLEDORE
                Mind if I take this? I do love
                knitting patterns.

      Slughorn blinks, looks away from Harry and finds
      Dumbledore standing there, clutching a MUGGLE MAGAZINE.

                               SLUGHORN
                Of course.   But you're not
                leaving?
                               DUMBLEDORE
                I think I know a lost cause when I
                see one. Regrettable. I would
                have considered it a personal
                triumph had you consented to
                return to Hogwarts, Horace. You
                are, like my friend Mr. Potter --
                one of a kind.

17    EXT. SLUGHORN'S HOUSE - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER)               17

      Dumbledore HUMS placidly as he and Harry make their way
      down the walk. Seconds later, the front door swings
      open.



                                                        (CONTINUED)

     HARRY POTTER... HALF-BLOOD PRINCE - Rev. 11/6/07       14.
17    CONTINUED:                                                  17
                              SLUGHORN
                All right! I'll do it. But I'll
                be wanting Professor
                Merrythought's old office, not
                that water closet I had formerly.
                And I expect a raise! These are
                mad times we live in! Mad!

                              DUMBLEDORE
                Indeed they are.


18    EXT. STREET (BUDLEIGH BABBERTON) - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER)    18

      Dumbledore leads Harry back toward the Village Square.

                              HARRY
                Sir, exactly what was that all --

                              DUMBLEDORE
                You are talented, famous and
                powerful -- everything Horace
                values. Professor Slughorn is
                going to try to collect you,
                Harry. You would be his crowning
                jewel. That is why he is
                returning to Hogwarts. And it is
                crucial he return...

      Harry looks intrigued by this last statement, but before
      he can pursue it, Dumbledore glances ruefully at the
      moon.

                              DUMBLEDORE
                I fear I may have stolen a
                wondrous night from you, Harry.
                She was, truthfully, very pretty.
                The girl.

                              HARRY
                It's alright, sir. I'll go back
                tomorrow, make some excuse --

      Harry stops.   Dumbledore is shaking his head.

                              DUMBLEDORE
                You'll not be going back to Little
                Whinging tonight, Harry.

                              HARRY
                But, sir. What about Hedwig?    And
                there's my trunk --



                                                        (CONTINUED)

  15.
18    CONTINUED:                                                   18
                              DUMBLEDORE
                Both are waiting for you.

      Dumbledore extends his arm. Mystified, Harry reaches
      out. As his fingers touch the silk of Dumbledore's
      cloak, he...


19    EXT. THE BURROW - NIGHT (SECONDS LATER)                      19

      ... APPARATES INTO VIEW, stumbling to one knee and
      wincing.

                               HARRY
                Sir?

      Dumbledore is gone. Harry rises, glances about. In the
      distance a CROOKED HOUSE shimmers. A PRETTY GIRL with
      RED HAIR flits briefly past an upstairs window. GINNY
      WEASLEY.


20    INT. WEASLEY HOUSE - STAIRCASE - SAME TIME - NIGHT           20

      Ginny DASHES down a vertiginous staircase, flies into the
      kitchen and finds...


21    INT. WEASLEY HOUSE - KITCHEN - CONTINUOUS ACTION - NIGHT     21

      ... a LARGE TRUNK and an OWL CAGE. Curious, she cocks
      her head to one side. The owl does the same in return.

                               GINNY
                Hedwig...?   Mum!

22    INT. WEASLEY HOUSE - DOWNSTAIRS HALLWAY - SAME TIME - NIGHT 2
                                                                2

      GINNY'S POV, looking up -- a dizzying perspective of
      twisting railings and crooked bedroom doors. A CLOCK
      hangs IN VIEW, bearing NINE HANDS, each inscribed with a
      Weasley name, each pointing to MORTAL PERIL. MRS.
      WEASLEY appears, looks down.

                              MRS. WEASLEY
                What is it, Ginny? Is it your
                father? Has something happened at
                the Ministry? Has he been
                kidnapped? Is it the Death
                Eaters?

                               GINNY
                Exactly.   How'd you guess?

                                                        (CONTINUED)

  16.
22    CONTINUED:                                                   22
      Mrs. Weasley throws her hands up over her face.

                              GINNY
                I'm joking, Mum.

                              MRS. WEASLEY
                You're worse than Fred and George.

                              GINNY
                Now you're joking. I was only
                wondering when Harry got here.

                                MRS. WEASLEY
                Harry who?

                              GINNY
                Harry Dimpleton. Harry Potter, of
                course.

                              MRS. WEASLEY
                I think I'd know if Harry Potter
                was in my house, wouldn't I?

                              GINNY
                Well his trunk's in the kitchen.
                And his owl.

                              MRS. WEASLEY
                I seriously doubt that.

      Just then, HEDWIG SCREECHES O.S. Ginny gives her an I-
      told-you-so when another door opens and RON WEASLEY looks
      down.

                               RON
                Harry?   Did someone say Harry?
                                GINNY
                Me, nosy.    Is he up there with
                you?

                              RON
                `Course not. Think I'd know if my
                best friend was in my room,
                wouldn't I?

      Another door opens:    HERMIONE, in a robe, TOOTHBRUSH in
      hand.

                              HERMIONE
                Was that an owl I heard?




                                                        (CONTINUED)

    17.
22    CONTINUED: (2)                                                 22
                              GINNY
                Harry's. Haven't seen him, have
                you? Apparently, he's wandering
                about the house.

                                HERMIONE
                Really?

                                HARRY (O.S.)
                Really.

      Ginny spins.   Harry.   Standing in the doorway of the
      kitchen.

                                RON/HERMIONE/MRS. WEASLEY
                Harry!
      As the others rocket downstairs, Ginny gives Harry a
      great grinning hug. There is something oddly charged in
      the moment, a surprise to both of them. The others
      arrive. More hugs.

                              MRS. WEASLEY
                But why didn't you tell us you
                were coming?

                              HARRY
                Didn't know.
                     (a shrug)                                             
                Dumbledore.

                              MRS. WEASLEY
                That man. But then, what would we
                do without him? Ron!

      Ron is about to touch Hermione.      She retracts her neck.
                              RON
                You've a bit of...

      He gestures to the stray lace of toothpaste on Hermione's
      chin. Quickly she wipes it off, gives him an odd look.


23    EXT. THE BURROW - ATTIC - NIGHT (LATER)                        23

      The Daily Prophet tumbles within a makeshift campfire of
      BLUE FLAMES, but magically doesn't disintegrate. Harry
      teases the fire with the tip of his wand, where The
      Chosen One? mingles with Draco's haunted face in the
      flames.

                              HARRY
                When'd you get here?

                                                          (CONTINUED)

     HARRY POTTER... HALF-BLOOD PRINCE - Rev. 11/6/07       18.
23    CONTINUED:                                                  23
                              HERMIONE
                A few days ago. Though... for a
                bit, I wasn't sure I was coming.

      Harry looks up, sees her glance at Ron.

                               RON
                Mum sort of lost it last week.
                Said Ginny and I had no business
                going back to Hogwarts. That it's
                too dangerous.

                                HARRY
                Oh come on...

                              HERMIONE
                She's not alone. Even my parents
                -- and they're Muggles -- know
                something bad is happening.

                              RON
                Anyway, Dad stepped in, told her
                she was being barmy. Took a day
                or two, but she came round.

                              HARRY
                But we're talking about Hogwarts.
                Dumbledore. What could be safer?
      Hermione and Ron exchange another glance.

                              HERMIONE
                There's been a lot of chatter
                lately. That he's gotten... old.

                               HARRY
                Rubbish.   He's only -- what?

                              RON
                A hundred and fifty.    Give or take
                a few years.

      Silence. Nods. Then the three break out laughing. Grow
      quiet again. Harry takes another poke at the Prophet.
      Draco's haunted face appears briefly, then is gone.


24    INT. WEASLEY'S WIZARD WHEEZES (DIAGON ALLEY) - CLOSE ON A 24
      SHOPPING BAG - DAY

      bearing Weasley's Wizard Wheezes clutched in the hand of
      a boy being pulled by his mother through the throng
      packed sardine-tight in the store.


                                                        (CONTINUED)

     HARRY POTTER... HALF-BLOOD PRINCE - Rev. 11/6/07       19.
24    CONTINUED:                                                  24
      It's utter madness: Ever-Bashing Boomerangs whip through
      the air, Dr. Filibuster's Fabulous Wet-Start No-Heat
      fireworks spit sparks, and Nose-Biting Teacups bare tiny
      porcelain teeth. FRED & GEORGE WEASLEY, in SCREAMING
      MAGENTA, stand upon a counter, selling to the masses:

                               FRED/GEORGE
                Step up!   Step up!

                              GEORGE
                We've got Fainting Fancy...

                              FRED
                Nosebleed Nougats...

                              GEORGE
                And just in time for school...
                              FRED
                Puking Pastilles!

      A BOY stops chewing, turns PALE GREEN -- literally.

                              FRED/GEORGE
                Into the cauldron, handsome.

      Together, with the tips of their toes, Fred and George
      launch a SLOSHING CAULDRON down the counter, drop down on
      either side of Harry, begin to steer him through the
      store.

                              FRED
                What'd you think, Harry?

                               HARRY
                Amazing.
                              GEORGE
                     (to a browsing boy)
                Pocket that and you'll pay in more
                than Galleons, my friend.

                              FRED/GEORGE
                We've got eyes in the back of our
                heads.

      The boy, working a SCREAMING YO-YO, blanches as Fred and
      George turn, reveal they do in fact have EYES IN THE BACK
      OF THEIR HEADS -- phony, but unnerving. As the EYES
      WINK, the tiny boy bolts.

                              GEORGE
                Bloody urchins.

      Harry eyes a display of ORANGE AND BLACK LUMPS.
                                                        (CONTINUED)

     HARRY POTTER... HALF-BLOOD PRINCE - Rev. 11/6/07      19A.
24     CONTINUED: (2)                                              24
                               HARRY
                 Peruvian Instant Darkness Powder?

                               FRED
                 A real money spinner that.

                               FRED
                 Handy if you need to make a quick
                 escape. Hello, ladies!

       George drops one of the lumps in Harry's hand, turns to
       Ginny and Hermione, who peruse a display of "Wonder Witch
       Love Potions."

                               GEORGE
                 Yes, they do really work.
                               FRED
                 Then again, the way we hear it,
                 sis, you're doing just fine on
                 your own.

                               GINNY
                 Meaning?

                               FRED
                 Are you not currently dating Dean
                 Thomas?




                                                        (CONTINUED)

   20.
24    CONTINUED: (3)                                                24
      Harry pretends to consider a rack of "Ten-Second Pimple
      Vanisher," but secretly eavesdrops.

                              GINNY
                None of your business.

                              HERMIONE
                These are adorable.

      Inside a cage, small round BALLS of FLUFF roll about,
      SQUEAK.

                              FRED
                Aren't they now. Pygmy Puffs.
                Can't breed them fast enough.

      Just then a HUGE BOY (CORMAC McLAGGEN) passes behind
      Hermione and, with his eyes, takes the full measure of
      her. Noticing, she turns, receives a faint smile as he
      moves on.

                              RON
                How much for this?

      A TINY WOODEN MAN ascends a TINY GALLOWS and... DROPS.
      George rides a rolling ladder INTO FRAME, drops next to             
      Fred.                                                               

                                 FRED/GEORGE
                Five Galleons.

                              RON
                How much for me?

                                 FRED/GEORGE
                Five Galleons.
                              RON
                But I'm your brother!

                                 FRED/GEORGE
                Ten Galleons.

                               RON
                C'mon.   Let's go.

      The trio head for the door, passing LAVENDER BROWN, who
      smiles flirtatiously at an oblivious Ron.

                                 LAVENDER BROWN
                Hi, Ron.

                                 RON
                Hi.

   21.


25    EXT. DIAGON ALLEY - LATE AFTERNOON (MOMENTS LATER)            25

      The sun fades over an IRON ARCHWAY -- Welcome to Diagon
      Alley! -- as Harry, Ron and Hermione pass beneath. All
      around them, SHOPS sit silent, windows BOARDED-UP or
      SHATTERED. People scurry by, avoiding the SCARY FACES of
      the witches and wizards who peer out from the SECURITY
      POSTERS plastered to every LAMP POST. Bellatrix is
      there: "KNOWN DEATH EATER," And Greyback: "WEREWOLF."
      And LUCIUS MALFOY: "CAUGHT."

                              HERMIONE
                How is it Fred and George are
                doing it? Half the alley's closed
                down.

                              RON
                Fred reckons people need a laugh
                these days.

                              HARRY
                Reckon he's right...

      Harry eyes the poster of Bellatrix, her mocking half-
      smile.

                                 HERMIONE
                Oh no.   Look.

      Harry and Ron follow her gaze to the wreck that is
      Ollivander's Wand Shop.

                              HERMIONE
                But everyone got their wands from
                Ollivander. Young. Old...
                                 HARRY
                Good.    Bad.   Speaking of which...

      Across the avenue, DRACO MALFOY and Narcissa pause,
      glance around, then slip quickly down an alley.

                              RON
                Is it just me? Or do Draco and
                mummy look like two people who
                don't want to be followed?


26    EXT. VARIOUS STREETS - DIAGON ALLEY - LATE AFTERNOON          26

      The trio trail Draco and Narcissa, who navigate these
      dark streets with ease. Hermione, lagging a bit, glances
      up at the darkening sky. When she looks back, she sees
      Ron and Harry far ahead. They turn a shadowy corner,
      vanish.
                                                        (CONTINUED)

     HARRY POTTER... HALF-BLOOD PRINCE - Rev. 11/6/07       22.
26    CONTINUED:                                                  26
      NEW ANGLE - SHOP FRONT - MOMENTS LATER

      Harry and Ron duck inside a shop front. At the end of
      the alley, a single shop glimmers dully: Borgin &
      Burkes. Narcissa and Draco enter, greet a STOOPED MAN
      (BORGIN). He POINTS. Draco walks to a LACQUERED
      CABINET, plays his fingers over its glassy surface.
      Narcissa speaks and Draco turns, finds Borgin holding the
      curtain to the back room aside. Draco hesitates, then
      follows his mother through.

                              RON
                What're they playing at?

                               HARRY
                Dunno.   Let's get closer.
                              RON
                     (a nod; stopping)
                Hey. Where's Hermione?


      NEW ANGLE - ANOTHER ALLEY - DUSK

      Hermione moves through the shadows, alone, peering down
      side streets, each darker than the next, lost, but
      holding it together, when... a SHADOW FLICKERS overhead.
      She looks up, sees a FIGURE (Greyback) leap from one roof
      to another. She stands perfectly still, then... hears
      VOICES.


      NEW ANGLE - OTHER ALLEYS - DUSK

      Harry and Ron race down one passage then another.   Stop.
                              RON
                Harry, where is she?
                                HARRY
                I don't know.    I'm turned around.


      NEW ANGLE - BORGIN & BURKES - BACK COURTYARD - DUSK

      Hermione creeps to the end of a narrow passage, toward
      the VOICES, and finds herself... behind Borgin & Burkes.
      FIGURES encircle an old cauldron, among them Greyback,
      Bellatrix, Narcissa, and in the very center... Draco.

      Hermione squints against the brilliance of the FIRE, the
      FIGURES twisting like Giacomettis. Draco extends his
      left arm... when a SHADOW falls over Hermione, fingers
      find her arm. She wheels, terrified.

                                                        (CONTINUED)

     HARRY POTTER... HALF-BLOOD PRINCE - Rev. 11/6/07       23.
26    CONTINUED: (2)                                              26
      Ron.

                                HERMIONE
                Bloody hell.

                                RON
                Sorry.

      Just then, the cauldron EXPLODES with light.   Instantly,
      the group, including Draco, disperses.

                              HARRY
                What just happened?

                                HERMIONE
                I don't know.
      Harry stares at the SMOKE drifting from the cauldron. A
      SOUND RISES, growing more powerful and the ROAR of a...


27    EXT. HOGWARTS EXPRESS - MOVING - LATE AFTERNOON             27

      ... TRAIN overtakes us, the scarlet stack of the Hogwarts
      Express churning furiously towards the horizon.

                                LUNA
                Quibbler...?    Quibbler...?

28    INT. HOGWARTS EXPRESS - AISLE - SAME TIME - LATE AFTERNOON 28

      LUNA LOVEGOOD moves down the aisle wearing a pair of RED
      and BLUE CARDBOARD GLASSES (SPECTRESPECS) identical to
      the ones modeled by a witch on the cover of the current
      issue of The Quibbler, a stack of which Luna clutches to
      her chest.

                              LUNA
                There's an article on Wrackspurts
                this month. Quibbler...?

      The loitering STUDENTS ignore her, including DEAN THOMAS,
      currently WHISPERING to Ginny, who smiles mildly, more
      interested in the PURPLE PYGMY PUFF perched on her
      shoulder.

                              LUNA
                He's lovely. They've been known
                to sing on Boxing Day, you know.
                Quibbler?
                               GINNY
                Please.   What's a Wrackspurt?

                                                        (CONTINUED)

     HARRY POTTER... HALF-BLOOD PRINCE - Rev. 11/6/07       24.
28    CONTINUED:                                                  28
                              LUNA
                They're invisible creatures that
                float in through your ears and
                make your brain go fuzzy.
                     (moving off)
                Quibbler? Quibbler?

29    INT. COMPARTMENT - SAME TIME - DUSK                         29

      Harry, Ron and Hermione sit together. Hermione has a
      book entitled Advance Rune Translation open on her lap,
      while Ron lets Harry's INVISIBILITY CLOAK play through
      his fingers.

                               HARRY
                Don't you see, it was a ceremony.
                An initiation.

                              HERMIONE
                Stop, Harry, I know where you're
                going with this --

                                 HARRY
                It's happened.     He's one of them.

                                 RON
                One of what?

                              HERMIONE
                Harry is under the impression that
                Draco Malfoy is now a Death Eater.

                              RON
                You're barking. What would You-
                Know-Who want with a sod like
                Malfoy?

                              HARRY
                So what's he doing in Borgin and
                Burke's? Browsing for furniture?

                              RON
                It's a creepy shop.    He's a creepy
                bloke.

                              HARRY
                Look. His father's a Death Eater.
                It only makes sense. Besides,
                Hermione saw it. With her own
                eyes.

                                HERMIONE
                I told you.    I don't know what I
                saw.
                                                        (CONTINUED)

   25.
29    CONTINUED:                                                    29
      Harry rises, snatches the cloak from Ron's hands.

                              HARRY
                I need some air.


30    INT. HOGWARTS EXPRESS - AISLE - DUSK (MOMENTS LATER)          30

      A blood-red sun shimmers through the windows, staining
      the interior a deep scarlet. Students read, play cards.
      In one compartment, CRABBE and GOYLE slumber sloppily.
      As Harry enters, the ACCORDION doors to the NEXT CAR
      SQUALL open and a PAIR of TWIN GIRLS emerge. He watches
      them when a VOICE causes him to turn back. As the
      accordion doors slowly close, he spies Malfoy sitting
      with PANSY PARKINSON and a BOY with the cheekbones of a
      sphinx (BLAISE ZABINI).
      Harry studies Malfoy when a BOY pushes through the
      accordion doors. As they begin to close, slowly, Harry
      reaches into his pocket and removes the ORANGE AND BLACK
      LUMP Fred gave him in Diagon Alley. He eyes Malfoy, eyes
      the closing door and -- impulsively -- pitches the lump
      into the air. It soars through the narrowing crease of
      the doors and -- just as Malfoy glances his way -- just
      as it reaches the apex of its flight -- POOF! -- explodes
      softly, raining DARK POWDER.


31    EXT. HOGWARTS EXPRESS - MOVING - SAME TIME - DUSK             31

      One train car -- and only one -- goes DARK:


32    INT. HOGWARTS EXPRESS - AISLE/COMPARTMENT - SAME TIME - DUSK
                                                                32
      CHAOS. PANICKED VOICES. Then, like a thinning mist, the
      darkness eerily recedes, the red light of dusk returns
      and Malfoy is revealed, standing in the DOORWAY of the
      car. As he looks on warily, students return to their
      seats. Across the way, Crabbe & Goyle continue to
      slumber.

                              MALFOY
                What just happened? Blaise?

                              BLAISE
                     (tense himself)
                Don't know.

      Just then, a SMALL BAG TEETERS... then tumbles from a
      luggage rack. Malfoy wheels, eyes the bag.



                                                        (CONTINUED)

     HARRY POTTER... HALF-BLOOD PRINCE - Rev. 11/6/07       26.
32    CONTINUED:                                                  32
                              PANSY
                Relax, boys. The lights went out
                is all. Come, Draco. We'll be                           
                at Hogwarts before you know it.                         

      She pats the seat. Draco eyes the bag, slings it back
      onto the luggage rack and plops down. Pansy strokes his
      hair.

                              MALFOY
                Hogwarts. What a pathetic excuse
                for a school. I think I'd pitch
                myself off the Astronomy Tower if
                I thought I had to continue on for
                another two years.

      Pansy, gently twisting one of Draco's locks, stops.
                              PANSY
                What's that supposed to mean?

                              MALFOY
                Let's just say I don't think
                you'll be seeing me wasting my
                time in Charms Class next year.

      Confused, Pansy glances at Blaise, who snorts derisively.

                              MALFOY
                Amused, Blaise? We'll see just
                who's laughing in the end.

      Blaise shakes his head, smiling as he looks out the
      window at the darkness. Just then the small bag in the
      upper rack shifts. Malfoy's eyes play over it.

33    EXT. STATION - DUSK/EVENING                                 33

      The Hogwarts Express steams into the station.


34    INT. HOGWARTS EXPRESS - AISLE - SAME TIME - DUSK/EVENING    34

      Ron and Hermione step into the crowded aisle.

                                 HERMIONE
                Where's Harry?

                              RON
                Probably on the platform.   C'mon.

   27.


35    INT. COMPARTMENT - DUSK/EVENING                               35

      As Blaise and Pansy make to exit, Malfoy takes down the
      small bag, grips the handle thoughtfully.

                                 MALFOY
                You two go on.     I want to check
                something.

      Malfoy slides shut the door.    LETS THE BLINDS DOWN.   A
      beat.

                              MALFOY
                Didn't mummy ever tell you it's
                bad manners to eavesdrop, Potter?
                Petrificus Totalus!
      Malfoy wheels, points his wand at the luggage rack.
      Something hits the floor with a THUMP. The Invisibility
      Cloak slips away and reveals Harry, paralyzed on the
      floor. Malfoy grins.

                              MALFOY
                Oh, right, she was dead before you
                could wipe the drool off your
                chin.

      Malfoy brings his boot down hard on Harry's face. SNAP!
      Blood squirts from Harry's nose. Malfoy snatches up the
      Invisibility Cloak, pitches it over Harry.

                              MALFOY
                Enjoy the ride back to London.


36    EXT. STATION - EVENING (MOMENTS LATER)                        36
      Malfoy steps off, pulls his cloak tight and disappears
      into the night. Softly, a SOUND rises, of a GIRL LIGHTLY
      HUMMING and we --

                                                          CUT TO:


37    INT. HOGWARTS EXPRESS - AISLE - EVENING                       37

      ... STRANGE MOVING POV - HALF RED/HALF BLUE

      Luna Lovegood wanders down the aisle HUMMING, red and
      blue Spectrespecs wobbling on the bridge of her nose. Up
      ahead one compartment's BLINDS are shut. Luna stops
      HUMMING. Cocks her head curiously. As she does, the
      LIGHT from an overhead lantern kicks off the cheap
      plastic lenses of her glasses and, for the briefest of
      seconds, a FLUTTERING CLOUD appears.
                                                        (CONTINUED)

   28.
37    CONTINUED:                                                    37
      Of tiny insects.   Or pixie dust.   Or a trick of the
      light.


38    INT. COMPARTMENT - SAME TIME - EVENING                        38

      Luna's SILHOUETTE SWELLS over the blinds, then the door
      opens. She calmly draws her wand and sends forth a blast
      of RED LIGHT. The Invisibility Cloak slithers from
      Harry's body.

                                LUNA
                Hello, Harry.

                                HARRY
                Luna.    How'd you...?
                                LUNA
                                Your head's full of
                Wrackspurts.
                them.


39    EXT. HOGWARTS CASTLE - FRONT STEPS - NIGHT (LATER)            39

      The castle glitters. Harry, face blood-spattered, nose
      slightly off-center, approaches with Luna.

                              HARRY
                Sorry I made you miss the
                carriages, Luna.

                              LUNA
                It's alright. I enjoyed our walk.
                It was like being with a friend.

                              HARRY
                I am your friend, Luna.

                                LUNA
                That's nice.

      Just then PROFESSOR FLITWICK rushes forth clutching a
      long roll of PARCHMENT bearing all students' names.

                              FLITWICK
                About time! I've been looking all
                over for you two. Names.

                              HARRY
                Professor Flitwick, you've known
                me for five years.

                              FLITWICK
                No exceptions, Potter.

                                                        (CONTINUED)

     HARRY POTTER... HALF-BLOOD PRINCE - Rev. 11/6/07       29.
39    CONTINUED:                                                  39
                              LUNA
                Who are those people?

      Harry turns, sees Luna staring into the darkness, where
      SHADOWS drift eerily, like ghosts.

                               FLITWICK
                Aurors.   For security.

                              MALFOY (O.S.)
                It's a not a cane, you cretin.
                It's a walking stick.

      Harry and Luna turn. Draco stands amidst a mountain of
      TRUNKS and OWL CAGES, watching Filch pass a long SECURITY
      DETECTOR over a WALKING STICK.
                              FILCH
                And what exactly would you be
                wanting with a walking stick?

                              SNAPE
                It was his father's.

      Snape separates from the shadows. Draco eyes him warily,
      then snatches the stick from Filch.

                              MALFOY
                Is my father's. He's not dead.
      Snape watches Malfoy carefully wrap the stick in felt,
      lay it back inside his trunk.

                              SNAPE
                It's alright, Mr. Filch.   I can
                vouch for Mr. Malfoy.
      Draco eyes Snape warily again, then begins to slouch off,
      catches Harry looking.

                              MALFOY
                Nice face, Potter.

      Harry puts a hand to his nose, watches Malfoy disappear
      into the darkness, trailed by Snape.

                              LUNA
                Would you like me to fix it?
                Personally I think you look a bit
                more devil-may-care this way. But
                it's up to you.

                              HARRY
                Have you ever fixed one?   A nose.

                                                        (CONTINUED)

     HARRY POTTER... HALF-BLOOD PRINCE - Rev. 11/6/07      29A.
39     CONTINUED: (2)                                             39
                               LUNA
                 No. But I've done several toes
                 and how different are they really?

       This does not fill Harry with confidence.
       Nevertheless...

                                  HARRY
                 What the hell.     Give it a go.




                                                        (CONTINUED)

     HARRY POTTER... HALF-BLOOD PRINCE - Rev. 11/6/07       30.
39    CONTINUED: (3)                                              39
                                LUNA
                Episkey.
      Luna poises her wand over Harry's nose and... gives it a
      TAP. It VIBRATES WILDLY and then... SNAPS into place.

                                HARRY
                Well?    How do I look?

                              LUNA
                Exceptionally ordinary.

                                HARRY
                Brilliant.


40    INT. GREAT HALL - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER)                     40
      Hermione cranes her neck, looking for Harry, while Ron
      stuffs his face with pudding, MUMBLING, MOUTH FULL:

                              RON
                Don' you worry. He'll be `long
                soon `nuff --

                              HERMIONE
                     (whacking him)
                Will. You. Stop. Eating!        Your
                best friend is missing!
                               RON
                Oi!   Turn around, you lunatic.

      Hermione spins, sees Harry and Luna approaching. In the
      light of the hall, Harry's blood-spattered face is quite
      the sight.
                              GINNY
                He's covered in blood again.     Why
                is it he's always covered in
                blood?

                              RON
                Looks like his own this time.

                              HERMIONE
                     (as he arrives)
                Where've you been, Harry? And
                what happened to your face?

                               HARRY
                Later.   What've I missed?



                                                        (CONTINUED)

     HARRY POTTER... HALF-BLOOD PRINCE - Rev. 11/6/07       31.
40    CONTINUED:                                                  40
                              RON
                     (shrugging; still
                      eating)
                Sorting Hat urged us all to be
                brave and strong in these troubled
                times -- easy for it to say --
                it's a hat, isn't it? First Years
                seemed to enjoy it, though.
                Wankers. Filch give you the wand
                outside?

      Harry nods. Ginny, damp napkin in hand, begins to dab
      his face, then feels suddenly awkward. Harry takes it
      from her.

                              HARRY
                Thanks...
      Just then, the light in the Hall begins to gently dim and
      all eyes turn to Dumbledore, standing at the top of the
      Hall, ashen hand raised to the enchanted ceiling, where
      clouds respond to his gestures and shroud a gleaming full
      moon.

                              HERMIONE
                What's happened to his hand?

                              DUMBLEDORE
                The very best of evenings to you!
                First off, please join me in
                welcoming the newest member of our
                staff, Horace Slughorn.

      MILD APPLAUSE ensues. Harry claps perfunctorily, his
      eyes drifting to the entrance of the Hall as a pair of
      Aurors station themselves just outside.
                              DUMBLEDORE
                Professor Slughorn, I'm happy to
                say, has agreed to resume his old
                post of Potions master. Meanwhile
                the post of Defense Against the
                Dark Arts will be assumed by
                Professor Snape.

      This is greeted by stunned silence. Dumbledore frowns,
      then attempts to generate something by CLAPPING his hands
      once. A few Slytherins join in and some dim-witted First
      Years.

                              DUMBLEDORE
                Now, as you know, each and every
                one of you was searched upon your
                arrival tonight. You have a right
                to know why.
                              (MORE)
                                                        (CONTINUED)

     HARRY POTTER... HALF-BLOOD PRINCE - Rev. 11/6/07       32.
40    CONTINUED: (2)                                              40
                               DUMBLEDORE (CONT'D)
                      (a beat)
                 Once there was a young man who,
                 like you, sat in this very Hall.
                 Walked this castle's corridors.
                 Slept beneath its roof. He
                 seemed, to all the world, a
                 student like any other. His name?
                 Tom Riddle.

      The Hall goes utterly silent.

                              DUMBLEDORE
                Today, of course, the world knows
                him by another name. Which is
                why, as I stand looking out upon
                you all tonight, I am reminded of
                a sobering fact. Each day, every
                hour, this very minute perhaps,
                dark forces attempt to penetrate
                this castle. But in the end,
                their greatest weapon remains...
                you.

      Harry eyes Malfoy, slouched low, lazily levitating a fork
      with his wand, as if Dumbledore were unworthy of
      attention.

                              DUMBLEDORE
                Just something to keep in mind.
                Now, off to bed. Pip pip!

                              RON
                     (as they rise)
                That was cheerful.

41    INT. CORRIDOR - MORNING                                     41

      A TEEMING MASS of STUDENTS fight their way to class on
      first day of term. Amidst it all, McGonagall stands tall
      and stern. The twins pass by, bearing identical looks of
      consternation.

                              PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
                History of Magic is up, ladies,
                not down. Mr. Davies -- that's
                the girl's toilet...

      McGonagall's eyes shift, find Harry and Ron sitting upon
      a ledge, clearly deriving immense pleasure from the
      chaos.

                                PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
                Potter!

                                                        (CONTINUED)

   33.
41    CONTINUED:                                                    41
      Harry's smile droops.   McGonagall beckons with a finger.

                              HARRY
                This can't be good.

      Ron grins as Harry makes his way "upstream" to
      McGonagall.

                              PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
                Enjoying ourself, are we?

                              HARRY
                Well, you see, I've got an open
                period this morning, Professor --

                              PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
                So I noticed. I would think you'd
                want to fill it with Potions. Or
                is it no longer your ambition to
                become an Auror?

                              HARRY
                It is. Or was. But I was told I
                had to get an Outstanding in my
                O.W.L. --

                               PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
                And so you did when Professor
                Snape was teaching Potions.
                However, Professor Slughorn is
                perfectly happy to accept N.E.W.T.
                students with `Exceeds
                Expectations.'

                              HARRY
                Really? Well... brilliant.    I'll
                head there straight away.

                              PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
                Good. And take Weasley with you.
                He looks far too happy over there.


42    INT. CORRIDOR/SLUGHORN'S CLASSROOM - MORNING (MOMENTS         42
      LATER)

      Ron trails Harry toward an open door.                               

                              RON
                But I don't want to take Potions!

     HARRY POTTER... HALF-BLOOD PRINCE - Rev. 11/6/07       34.


43    INT. SLUGHORN'S CLASSROOM - CONTINUOUS ACTION - MORNING     43

      As Harry drags Ron inside, the other students turn in
      unison. Hermione frowns. Lavender, seeing Ron, beams.

                              SLUGHORN
                Harry m'boy! I was beginning to
                worry! And I see we've brought
                someone with us...

                              RON
                Ron Weasley, sir. But I'm dead
                awful at Potions, a menace
                actually, so I probably should
                just be going --

                              SLUGHORN
                Nonsense, we'll sort you out. Any
                friend of Harry's is a friend of
                mine. Right then, books out --

                              HARRY
                Um, sorry, sir, but I haven't got
                my book yet -- nor's Ron. You
                see -- (until this morning...)                          

                              SLUGHORN
                Not to worry. You can get what
                you need from the cupboard.

      As Harry and Ron step to the cupboard, Slughorn resumes,
      gesturing to the cauldrons bubbling before him.

                              SLUGHORN
                Now, as I was saying, I've
                prepared a few concoctions this
                morning. Any ideas what these
                might be? Yes, Miss...?

                              HERMIONE
                Granger, sir. That one there is
                Veritaserum. And that would be
                Polyjuice Potion. And that...

      In the cupboard, Harry and Ron find two TEXTBOOKS -- one
      new, one shabby and soiled. Both snatch for the new when
      a box -- marked "BEZOARS" -- tips. As Harry makes a grab
      for it, Ron wrests free the new textbook and goes off
      grinning.

                              HERMIONE
                ... is Amortentia! The most
                powerful love potion in the world.
                              (MORE)

                                                        (CONTINUED)

    35.
43    CONTINUED:                                                     43
                               HERMIONE (CONT'D)
                 It's rumored to smell differently
                 to each person, according to what
                 attracts them. For example, I
                 smell freshly mown grass and
                 new parchment and spearmint
                 toothpaste --

      Hermione blushes, stops herself.    Slughorn regards her.

                              SLUGHORN
                One of my best friends is Muggle-
                born. She's the best in our
                year...
      Harry, settling into his seat with the soiled textbook,
      looks up just as Slughorn's eyes shift to him for
      confirmation. As Harry nods, Hermione glances curiously
      at him.

                              SLUGHORN
                Now Amortentia doesn't create
                actual love, of course. That's
                impossible. But it does cause a
                powerful infatuation or obsession.
                For that reason, it is probably
                the most dangerous potion in this
                room.

      Slughorn turns, finds a sea of dreamy faces leaning into
      the VAPORS. Instantly, he CLANGS a cover onto the
      cauldron, bringing them round. As Ron blinks, he finds
      Lavender still staring dreamily -- at him. Noticing,
      Hermione's eyes narrow.

                              KATIE BELL
                Sir, you haven't told us what's in
                that one.

                               SLUGHORN
                Ah yes...

      Slughorn steps to a SMALL BLACK CAULDRON. Begins to
      ladle a bit of GOLDEN LIQUID into a TINY VIAL.

                              SLUGHORN
                What you see before you, ladies
                and gentlemen, is a curious little
                potion known as Felix Felicis.
                But it is more commonly referred
                to as --

                               HERMIONE
                Liquid luck.

      A buzz runs through the class.   Even Malfoy perks up.
                                                        (CONTINUED)

   36.
43    CONTINUED: (2)                                                43
                              SLUGHORN
                Yes, Miss Granger. Desperately
                tricky to make. Disastrous should
                you get it wrong. But brewed
                correctly, as this has been, it
                has remarkable powers. One sip
                and you will find that all your
                endeavors succeed... at least
                until the effects wear off.

                              KATIE BELL
                But then why don't people drink it
                all the time?

                              SLUGHORN
                Because taken in excess it causes
                giddiness, recklessness and
                dangerous overconfidence.

                              BLAISE
                Have you ever taken it, sir?

                             SLUGHORN
                Twice. Once when I was twenty-
                four. Once when I was fifty-
                seven. Two tablespoons taken at
                breakfast. Two perfect days...

      Slughorn eyes the vial dreamily, adrift.   Finally he
      blinks.

                              SLUGHORN
                So. This is what I offer each of
                you today. One tiny vial of
                liquid luck... to the student who,
                in the hour that remains, manages
                to brew an acceptable Draught of
                Living Death, the recipe for which
                can be found on page ten of your
                textbook.

      Excitement seizes the class.   Slughorn smiles knowingly.

                              SLUGHORN
                You should know that in all the
                years of my previous tenure at
                Hogwarts, not once did a student
                brew a potion of sufficient
                quality to claim this prize. In
                any event -- good luck.

      Slughorn sets the vial upon his desk, where it SHIMMERS
      in a SHAFT of SUNLIGHT. Harry opens his book. Frowns.
      The MARGINS of the page before him are black with the
      tight SCRIBBLINGS of a previous owner.
                                                        (CONTINUED)

      37.
43    CONTINUED: (3)                                                   43
      The same CREEPY GRAFFITI fills the next page as well, on
      and on throughout the book. Shaking his head, Harry runs
      his finger under the first PRINTED INSTRUCTION:

      "Cut up one Sopophorous bean."

      Harry takes the SILVER DAGGER upon his desk, poises it
      over the BEAN when... Ron's bean shoots across the room
      and bounces off Katie Bell's head. Harry surveys the
      rest of the room: everyone is struggling to cut the
      resistant legume. He glances back to his book, considers
      the instruction again.

      As ARROW has been drawn from the word "Cut" to the
      margin, where a modification has been written in the
      tight scrawl:
      "Crush with blade -- releases juice better."

      Harry considers the dagger in his hand, then places the
      flat of the blade against the bean and presses.
      Instantly, the protective parchment covering the desk
      runs RED with juice.

                              HERMIONE
                How did you do that?

                                HARRY
                Crush it.    Don't cut it.

                             HERMIONE
                No. The instructions specifically
                say to cut.

                                   HARRY
                No.    Really --
                                   HERMIONE
                Sh!

      Harry shrugs, lifts the parchment and tips the juice into
      his cauldron. It HISSES, then turns LILAC. Harry grins.
      CAMERA BEGINS SLOW DOLLY TOWARDS the vial of Felix
      Felicis and...


      MONTAGE BEGINS

      Students struggle.    A cauldron overflows.   Lavender eyes
      Ron.

      CAMERA CREEPS TOWARD VIAL.      THE SUNLIGHT SHIFTS.

      Hermione grows more and more frustrated. Her hair grows
      bushier in the steam rising from her cauldron...
                                                             (CONTINUED)

     38.
43    CONTINUED: (4)                                                  43
      Harry's finger traces under the official instruction...
      then drifts to the spidery scrawl in the margin...

      Malfoy cuts himself, curses...

      CAMERA CREEPS CLOSER TO VIAL.    SUNLIGHT SHIFTS AGAIN.

      Harry, cool as a cucumber, adds one last ingredient,
      steps back, done...

      Hermione, hair like Medea now, glowers at him...

      THE LIGHT SHIFTS ONE LAST TIME.   THE VIAL GLIMMERS LIKE
      GOLD.

      MONTAGE ENDS.

      ANOTHER ANGLE

      Slughorn wends his way amongst the cauldrons, nodding
      with sympathy at the fiascos before him. Then... he
      stops, staring in disbelief at the pearly sheen of one
      bubbling potion.

                              SLUGHORN
                Merlin's Beard! But it's perfect.
                So perfect I daresay one sip would
                kill us all! Your mother was a
                dab hand at potions, but this...
                My, my, what can't you do, m'boy?
                Perhaps you will save us all in
                the end...

      All eyes turn to Harry.   His smile falters.
                              SLUGHORN
                Here you are then, as promised.
                One bottle of Felix Felicis. Use
                it well.

      Slowly, Harry reaches out... takes the glittering vial.


44    EXT. CASTLE - NIGHT                                             44

      The Castle is dark, but for one WINDOW.


45    INT. DUMBLEDORE'S OFFICE - SAME TIME - NIGHT                    45

      Dumbledore sits alone at his desk, the deep lines of his
      face illuminated by the shimmering PENSIEVE. TWO OBJECTS
      of note are before him. One is a BLACK-STONED RING. The
      other is TOM RIDDLE'S DIARY.
                                                         (CONTINUED)

  39.
45    CONTINUED:                                                    45
      He briefly balances the ring   upon the tip of an ashen
      finger, then turns a page of   the battered diary. His
      face is troubled. A KNOCK.     He takes the ring and diary,
      slips them inside a drawer.    The door swings open,
      reveals Harry.

                              DUMBLEDORE
                Good evening, Harry. You got my
                message, I see. Come, come. Sit.

      Harry steps forward, eyes the Pensieve curiously.   Sits.

                                DUMBLEDORE
                So.    How are you?

                                HARRY
                Fine, sir.
                              DUMBLEDORE
                Enjoying your classes? Professor
                Slughorn, for one, is most
                impressed with you.

                              HARRY
                I think he overestimates my
                abilities, sir.

                                DUMBLEDORE
                Do you?

                                HARRY
                Definitely.

      Dumbledore smiles affectionately, nods.

                              DUMBLEDORE
                And what of your activities
                outside the classroom? Do they
                bring you satisfaction?

                                HARRY
                Sir?

                              DUMBLEDORE
                I notice you spend a great deal of
                time with Miss Granger. One can't
                help but wonder if --

                              HARRY
                No! I mean... she's brilliant.
                And we're friends. But... no.

                              DUMBLEDORE
                Forgive me, Harry, I...

                                                        (CONTINUED)

     HARRY POTTER... HALF-BLOOD PRINCE - Rev. 11/6/07       40.
45    CONTINUED: (2)                                              45
      Dumbledore smiles faintly, shakes his head.

                               DUMBLEDORE
                ... I was merely curious.
                      (rising)
                In any event, I'm sure you're
                wondering why I've summoned you
                here tonight. The answer lies
                here.

      Dumbledore swings open a cabinet where DOZENS upon DOZENS
      of GLITTERING VIALS stand like tiny glimmering soldiers.

                              DUMBLEDORE
                What you see before you are
                memories. In this case pertaining
                to one individual: Voldemort. Or
                as he was known then... Tom
                Riddle.

      Dumbledore reaches down with his damaged hand and removes
      a stoppered VIAL, dusty and veined with age.

                              DUMBLEDORE
                This vial contains a most
                particular memory -- of the day I
                first met him. I'd like you to
                see it. If you would...

      Dumbledore extends his ashen hand and Harry rises,
      gingerly takes the vial and removes the cork. He tips
      the contents into the Pensieve. Dumbledore nods and
      Harry leans into the iridescent liquid, his face breaking
      the surface...

46    FLASHBACK - EXT. STREET (LONDON) - DAY (YEARS PAST)         46

      A horse-drawn MILK CART rattles across a RAIN-SWEPT               
      London street and a YOUNG DUMBLEDORE appears in a PLUM
      VELVET SUIT. We TRACK him down the street (and see him
      eye a LOVELY LASS appreciatively) until he reaches a GRIM
      BUILDING surrounded by IRON GATES. As Dumbledore passes
      through, CAMERA RISES:

                   W O O L' S   ORPHANAGE

      The IMAGE SHUDDERS and we --

                                                        CUT TO:

  41.


47    INT. ORPHANAGE - CORRIDOR - PENSIEVE - DAY                   47

      A skinny, sharp-featured woman, MRS. COLE, leads
      Dumbledore down a drab corridor. CHILDREN'S VOICES carry
      from an unseen COURTYARD, splashing and shrieking, in the          
      midst of some game.

                              MRS. COLE
                I must confess to a bit of
                confusion upon receiving your
                letter, Mr. Dumbledore. In all
                the years Tom's been here, he's
                never once had a family visitor.
                Frankly, I was stunned to find
                that someone knew of his
                existence.
                              DUMBLEDORE
                I am not family. But his name has
                been known to me since birth.

                                MRS. COLE
                I see...

      But she doesn't really.   She stops, frowns.

                              MRS. COLE
                I think I should tell you. He's a
                funny boy -- Tom. Odd. There
                have been incidents with the other
                children. Nasty things.

                              DUMBLEDORE
                Perhaps you could give me an
                example.
      Mrs. Cole starts to speak, then shakes her head, moves
      off. As Dumbledore makes to follow, his eyes happen upon
      a FRAMED PHOTOGRAPH on the wall, old and yellowing,
      depicting a SEASIDE SCENE of a SHARP ROCK OUTCROPPING and
      a CAVE. As he exits, we HOLD ON it.


      NEW ANGLE - CORRIDOR OUTSIDE TOM RIDDLE'S ROOM

      Mrs. Cole's hand appears.   KNOCKS.   She turns the KNOB.


48    INT. ORPHANAGE - RIDDLE'S ROOM - PENSIEVE - DAY              48

      A small room, grim and shadowy. TOM RIDDLE, 11 years               
      old, sits atop a bed, hands in lap. The walls CRAWL with           
      REFLECTED RAIN, oozing like oil down a grimy window.               


                                                        (CONTINUED)

     HARRY POTTER... HALF-BLOOD PRINCE - Rev. 11/6/07      41A.
48     CONTINUED:                                                 48
                               MRS. COLE
                 You've got a visitor, Tom.




                                                        (CONTINUED)

  42.
48    CONTINUED: (2)                                               48
      Dumbledore steps forward, extends his hand.

                              DUMBLEDORE
                How do you do, Tom.

      Riddle eyes Dumbledore briefly, looks away.

                              MRS. COLE
                Well, I'll leave you two to
                yourselves.

      Mrs. Cole exits, closing the door. Dumbledore studies
      Riddle, then begins to tour the room. Carefully placed
      upon a low shelf are some ODD SOUVENIRS. A grouping of
      SEVEN STONES... A book containing SEVEN MATCHES. SEVEN
      BRASS KEYS...
      Moving on, Dumbledore passes a TALL CABINET, tracing his
      FINGERS over its surface, as if the wood's grain were
      Braille, as if somehow "seeing" what lies within.

      Then Dumbledore pauses. Strewn on a small table are a
      grouping of SEVEN DARK DRAWINGS. A BOY and GIRL, their
      faces anguished. A sea-swept CAVE. The same cave from
      the photograph. Dumbledore begins to reach out...

                                 TOM RIDDLE
                Don't.

      Dumbledore stops, turns.    Finds Riddle's level gaze on
      him.

                                 DUMBLEDORE
                As you wish.

      Riddle looks away and Dumbledore, for the first time,
      notices his hands. They are splayed, utterly still, and
      INTERLACED with a SILKY WEB, where a SPIDER knits back
      and forth.

                              TOM RIDDLE
                You're the doctor, aren't you?

                               DUMBLEDORE
                No.   I am a Professor.

                              TOM RIDDLE
                I don't believe you. I hear Mrs.
                Cole talking, her and the rest of
                the staff. They want me looked
                at. They think I'm different.

                              DUMBLEDORE
                Perhaps they're right.

                                                        (CONTINUED)

  43.
48    CONTINUED: (3)                                               48
                                 TOM RIDDLE
                I'm not mad.

                              DUMBLEDORE
                Hogwarts is not a place for mad
                people.

      Riddle looks up, cocks his head ever-so-slightly.

                                 DUMBLEDORE
                It's a school.     A school of...
                magic.

      Riddle stays looking, but says nothing.

                              DUMBLEDORE
                You can do things, can't you, Tom?
                Things the other children can't.

      Riddle eyes Dumbledore intensely, unblinking.

                                 TOM RIDDLE
                Yes.

                              DUMBLEDORE
                Tell me some of the things you can
                do, Tom.

                               TOM RIDDLE
                      (watching the spider)
                I can make things move -- without
                touching them. I can make animals
                do what I want without training
                them. I can make bad things
                happen to people who are mean to
                me. I can make them hurt... if I
                want.

      Dumbledore studies Riddle -- then the boy looks up.

                                 TOM RIDDLE
                Who are you?

                              DUMBLEDORE
                I'm like you, Tom. Different.

      Riddle closes his hands and the web collapses.

                                 TOM RIDDLE
                Prove it.

      It is not a request. Without breaking his gaze,
      Dumbledore's eyes narrow ever-so-slightly and... the
      WARDROBE BURSTS INTO FLAMES. Riddle wheels.

                                                        (CONTINUED)

     HARRY POTTER... HALF-BLOOD PRINCE - Rev. 11/6/07      43A.
48     CONTINUED: (4)                                             48
       Slowly smiles. Dumbledore studies him. Abruptly, the
       wardrobe begins to SHAKE. Riddle's smile fades.




                                                        (CONTINUED)

  44.
48    CONTINUED: (5)                                               48
                              DUMBLEDORE
                I think there is something trying
                to get out of your wardrobe, Tom.
                Open it. Open. It.

      Terrified, Riddle steps to the burning wardrobe and
      throws open the door. On the topmost shelf, above a rail
      of threadbare clothes, a SMALL BOX SHAKES VIOLENTLY.

                               DUMBLEDORE
                Take it out.

      As Riddle's fingers touch the box, the flames engulfing
      the wardrobe vanish, but the box continues to SHAKE --
      the only sound in the now-silent room.

                              DUMBLEDORE
                Is there anything in that box you
                ought not to have?

      Riddle eyes Dumbledore, a trifle fearfully this time. He
      spills the box onto the bed: a YO-YO, a silver THIMBLE,
      and a tarnished MOUTH ORGAN.

                              DUMBLEDORE
                Why did you want these things,
                Tom?

                              TOM RIDDLE
                     (looking off)
                I like having things that belonged
                to other people. It makes me feel
                ... close to them.

      Dumbledore studies Riddle's profile, pondering this.
                              DUMBLEDORE
                Thievery is not tolerated at
                Hogwarts. At Hogwarts, you will
                be taught not only how to use
                magic, but to control it.
                Understood?
                     (as Riddle nods)
                I'll be going now, Tom. Leave
                your window open tonight. An owl
                will bring you a message. Read it
                carefully.

      Dumbledore starts to exit, when:

                              TOM RIDDLE
                I can speak to snakes too.

      Dumbledore stops and we are ON his face, his back to
      Riddle.
                                                        (CONTINUED)

     HARRY POTTER... HALF-BLOOD PRINCE - Rev. 11/6/07       45.
48    CONTINUED: (6)                                              48
                              TOM RIDDLE
                They find me. Whisper things. Is
                that normal. For someone like me?

                                 DUMBLEDORE
                It is unusual.     But not unheard
                of.

      Dumbledore exits then, without a backward glance, leaving
      11-year-old Tom Riddle alone. The IMAGE SHUDDERS and...


49    INT. DUMBLEDORE'S OFFICE - NIGHT (PRESENT)                  49

      ... Harry and Dumbledore reappear. The room has grown
      DIM in their absence. Dumbledore gestures. LAMPS BLAZE
      to LIFE.
                              HARRY
                Did you know, sir? Then?

                              DUMBLEDORE
                Did I know that I had just met the
                most dangerous Dark Wizard of all
                time? No. Had I...

      Dumbledore falters, his expression troubled. Harry looks
      up from the Pensieve, where young Tom Riddle's fragmented
      face floats on the surface, eyes Dumbledore.

                              DUMBLEDORE
                Over time, while here at   Hogwarts,
                Tom Riddle grew close to   one
                particular teacher. Can    you guess
                which teacher that might   be?
                              HARRY
                You didn't bring Professor
                Slughorn back simply to teach
                Potions, did you, sir?

                              DUMBLEDORE
                No. I did not. You see,
                Professor Slughorn possesses
                something I desire very dearly.
                And he will not part with it
                easily...
                     (eyeing Harry
                      knowingly)
                I'd rather not divulge any more
                just yet, Harry. But I promise.
                In time you will know everything.



                                                        (CONTINUED)

   46.
49    CONTINUED:                                                    49
                              HARRY
                You said Professor Slughorn would
                try to collect me.

                                 DUMBLEDORE
                I did.

                              HARRY
                Do you want me to let him?

      Dumbledore trails his ashen fingers in the surface of the
      Pensieve, vanquishing young Tom Riddle's face.

                                 DUMBLEDORE
                Yes.

50    EXT. QUIDDITCH PITCH - MORNING                                50

      Harry tries -- with little success -- to get the
      attention of the throng of aspiring Quidditch players
      assembled on the pitch.

                               HARRY
                All right!   Queue up!   Excuse
                me...

                                 GINNY
                SHUT IT!

      Instant silence.   Harry frowns, nods to Ginny
      nevertheless.

                              HARRY
                Thanks. All right. This morning
                I'll be putting you all through a
                few drills to assess your
                strengths. But know this: Just
                because you made the team last
                year does not guarantee you a spot
                this year. Is that clear?

      Ron looks unnerved at this, sweating so much he's
      attracted a PESKY FLY. CORMAC McLAGGEN, the huge boy
      from Weasley's Wizard Wheezes, sidles up.

                              CORMAC
                No hard feelings, Weasley,
                alright?

                                 RON
                Hard feelings?



                                                        (CONTINUED)

  47.
50    CONTINUED:                                                   50
                              CORMAC
                I'll be going out for Keeper as
                well. Nothing personal.

                              RON
                Really? Strapping guy like you,
                you've got a Beater's build, don't
                you think? Keeper needs to be
                agile, quick --

      Cormac nabs the FLY between two fingers, kills the BUZZ.

                              CORMAC
                I like my chances. Say... think
                you could introduce me to your
                friend Granger? Wouldn't mind
                getting on a first name basis,
                know what I mean?

      Cormac gives a lewd wink, saunters off.   Ron glances up
      to the stands. Hermione smiles, waves.


      BEGIN MONTAGE

      Ginny flies swiftly, handling the Quaffle with ease.

      TWO SECOND YEARS collide in mid-air.

      Cormac makes a brilliant save.

      Ron makes a shaky save.

      Hermione looks on, nervous for him.

      Katie Bell snatches a Quaffle with one hand, splits two
      defenders beautifully and makes a slick blind pass to
      Dean who jets high in the air, then lets the Quaffle roll
      off his fingers... right into Ginny's hands as she races
      below.

      Seamus sends a Bludger rocketing into the stands,
      scatters a group of onlookers, leaving only Neville, who
      sidles delicately to the right as the others leg it.

      TWO THIRD YEARS collide in mid-air.

      Cormac makes a brilliant save.

      Ron turns the wrong way but makes the save anyway as the
      Quaffle caroms off the tail of his broom.

      Hermione looks on more nervously.


                                                        (CONTINUED)

     HARRY POTTER... HALF-BLOOD PRINCE - Rev. 11/6/07      47A.
50     CONTINUED: (2)                                              50
       DEMELZA ROBINS, bent low over her stick, pins the Quaffle
       under her chin, splits two Bludgers and a pair of
       Beaters.




                                                        (CONTINUED)

     HARRY POTTER... HALF-BLOOD PRINCE - Rev. 11/6/07       48.
50    CONTINUED: (3)                                              50
      TWO FOURTH YEARS collide in mid-air.

      Two aspiring Beaters "whiff" on a pair of Bludgers, whack
      each other instead and plummet to the pitch as the
      Bludgers ricochet off one another and go flying into the
      stands, scattering onlookers yet again and leaving, as
      before, only Neville. This time, he sidles delicately to
      the left.

      Cormac makes a brilliant save.

      The Quaffle bounces off Ron's head.

      Hermione looks on extremely nervously.

      TWO FIFTH YEARS collide in mid-air.
      END MONTAGE.


      ANOTHER ANGLE

      The survivors press ICE PACKS to their heads, run TAPE
      round twisted fingers. Only Ron, hovering at the west
      goal, and Cormac, hovering at the east, remain on the
      pitch. Luna, Spectrespecs in place, eyes Cormac -- cool,
      confident, clear. Then eyes Ron -- sweaty, nervous,
      SWARMING in WRACKSPURTS.

                              HARRY
                All right. Cormac. Ron. It's
                down to you two for Keeper. We'll
                decide it with a shootout.
                Demelza, you'll bring the Quaffle
                up against Cormac. Ginny, you'll
                take on Ron.
                              CORMAC
                Hang on. She's his sister. How
                do I know she won't toss him a
                floater?

                              GINNY
                Piss off, Cormac. How `bout I
                toss you a floater?

                             HARRY
                Quiet! I'm Captain. We do it my
                way. Now line up. On three.
                One. Two... Three!

      Demelza and Ginny rocket forth. Ron weaves nervously
      while Cormac hovers in place, a confident sneer on his
      face.

                                                        (CONTINUED)

     HARRY POTTER... HALF-BLOOD PRINCE - Rev. 11/6/07       49.
50    CONTINUED: (4)                                              50
                              HARRY
                     (under his breath)
                C'mon, Ron...

      Demelza hunkers over her broom once again, flying like an
      arrow, then goes into a wide, sweeping slide. Ginny
      blasts over the pitch, ginger hair streaming like flames,
      then rolls recklessly to the side. As one, they both let
      fly...

      Hermione, face buried in her fingers, MUTTERS SOMETHING.

      Cormac, at the last moment, inexplicably rolls his broom
      to the right and the Quaffle sails over his shoulder.
      Ron, zig-zagging crazily, nearly falls off, rights
      himself in a panic, and deflects Ginny's Quaffle... with
      his forehead. As a few partisan CHEERS erupt from the
      stands, Harry grins, then has to restrain himself.
      Hermione opens her eyes slowly.

                              LAVENDER BROWN
                Isn't he brilliant?

      Hermione stares balefully at Lavender, then notices
      Cormac eyeing his broom incredulously. She gets up,
      slips away.


51    INT. COMMON ROOM - NIGHT                                    51

      Harry scans his Potions book. Hermione peruses the
      Prophet. Ron cracks walnuts, pitching the pieces into
      the fire.

                              RON
                Have to admit, thought I was going
                to miss that last one. Hope
                Cormac's not taking it too hard.

      Behind her paper, Hermione rolls her eyes.

                              RON
                Has a bit of a thing for you,
                Hermione. Cormac.

                                 HERMIONE
                He's vile.

      Ron considers this, then glances across the room at
      Lavender.

                              HARRY
                Ever heard of this spell?


                                                        (CONTINUED)

     HARRY POTTER... HALF-BLOOD PRINCE - Rev. 11/6/07       50.
51    CONTINUED:                                                  51
      Harry points to a notation in the margin underlined three
      times: "Sectumsempra. For Enemies." Hermione frowns.

                              HERMIONE
                No I have not. And if you had a
                shred of self-respect you would
                turn that book in.

                              RON
                Not bloody likely. He's top of
                the class. Even better than you,
                Hermione. Slughorn thinks he's a
                genius.

      Hermione casts Ron a withering glance.

                                RON
                What?

                              HERMIONE
                I'd like to know just whose book
                that was. Let's take a look,
                shall we?

                                 HARRY
                        (holding it out of
                         reach)
                No.

                              HERMIONE
                     (suspicious)
                Why not?

                                HARRY
                It's... old.    The binding is
                fragile.
                              HERMIONE
                The binding is fragile?
      She makes another grab for it, but Harry holds it clear.
      Then Ginny appears, plucks it out of his hand.

                              GINNY
                Who's the Half-Blood Prince?

                                HERMIONE/RON
                The who?

                              GINNY
                That's what it says. Right here.
                `This Book is the Property of the
                Half-Blood Prince.'


                                                        (CONTINUED)

     HARRY POTTER... HALF-BLOOD PRINCE - Rev. 11/6/07       51.
51    CONTINUED: (2)                                              51
      Ginny points. Written on the frontispiece is: "This
      Book is the Property of the Half-Blood Prince."


52    EXT. MAIN STREET (HOGSMEADE VILLAGE) - DAY                  52

      Students lean into a bitter wind, trudging through deep
      snow.

                              HERMIONE
                For weeks you carry around this
                book, practically sleep with it...
                and you have no desire to find out
                who The Half-Blood Prince is?

                              HARRY
                I didn't say I wasn't curious.
                And, by the way, I don't sleep
                with it.

                              RON
                     (a sarcastic chortle)
                Yeah. Right.
                     (as Harry glares)
                Well, it's true. I like a nice
                chat before I go to bed. Now
                you're always reading that bloody
                book. It's like being with
                Hermione.

      This time it's Hermione's turn to glare.

                              HERMIONE
                Well, I was curious. So I went
                to --
                               HARRY/RON
                The library.

                               HARRY
                And?

                              HERMIONE
                And... nothing. There's no
                reference to the Half-Blood Prince
                anywhere.

                               HARRY
                Good.   That settles it then.

      Hermione starts to object, when:

                              HAGRID
                Hey, you three!

                                                        (CONTINUED)

     52.
52    CONTINUED:                                                      52
      HAGRID emerges out of the trees, beard crusted in white,
      looking like a crazed Father Christmas. Behind him, deep
      in the woods, DARK SILHOUETTES -- AURORS -- can be seen.
      Hermione eyes them briefly, then nods to the PULSATING
      BURLAP BAG Hagrid clutches in his fist.

                              HERMIONE
                What've you got there, Hagrid?

      Hagrid tips open the bag.   The trio grimace.    Hagrid
      CHUCKLES.

                              HAGRID
                Stinksap. Burn the whiskers right
                off yer chin. Trees `ere are
                drippin' with it.
                               HERMIONE
                Stinksap?   You're not sick, are
                you?

                              HAGRID
                It's not fer me. It's fer Aragog.
                Yeh remember Aragog, don' yeh?

                             RON
                Spider? About six feet tall?     Ten
                feet wide?

                              HAGRID
                Tha's the one. He's taken ill.
                I'm hopin' ter nurse `im back.
                Keep yer fingers crossed.

      Hagrid crosses his fingers. Ron forces a grin, does the
      same, shakes his head as Hagrid disappears back into the
      trees.

                              RON
                Barking. Does he not remember
                that raving arachnid tried to eat
                us? What?

      Ron sees Hermione staring at the Aurors again.

                              HERMIONE
                The Aurors. I know they're here
                to protect us, but... somehow I
                don't feel any safer.

      Just then Harry spies Slughorn, heading down towards the
      Village, passing a weary Flitwick coming the other way.



                                                         (CONTINUED)

     HARRY POTTER... HALF-BLOOD PRINCE - Rev. 11/6/07      52A.
52     CONTINUED: (2)                                             52
                               SLUGHORN
                 Filius! I was hoping to find you
                 at the Three Broomsticks.

                               FLITWICK
                 Emergency choir practice, I'm
                 afraid, Horace.

       Harry watches Slughorn continue on toward the Village.




                                                        (CONTINUED)

     HARRY POTTER... HALF-BLOOD PRINCE - Rev. 11/6/07       53.
52    CONTINUED: (3)                                              52
                              HARRY
                Who's up for a Butterbeer?


53    INT. THREE BROOMSTICKS - DAY (LATER)                        53

      As the trio enter, Harry glances round, locates Slughorn
      at the bar, planted plumply on a stool.

                               HARRY
                No.   Over here.

      Hermione and Ron, in the midst of seating themselves at a
      perfectly acceptable -- and clean -- table, see Harry
      seat himself at one strewn with the detritus of a
      previous customer -- but which puts him in direct view of
      Slughorn. They exchange a glance, shrug, join Harry.
      Ron starts to take the chair directly opposite Harry --
      blocking his view.

                               HARRY
                No, no.   Sit next to me.

      Ron stops, exchanges another glance with Hermione.

                               RON
                O-kay.

      A SKINNY KID in an apron appears, tosses a FILTHY RAG
      upon the table -- which begins to wipe the surface on its
      own. Harry cranes his neck around the kid to keep
      Slughorn in view.

                              SKINNY KID
                What'll we have?
                              HERMIONE
                Three Butterbeers. Splash of
                ginger in mine, please.

      The kid WHISTLES and the rag leaps back into his pocket.
      Harry continues to eye Slughorn, when he sees Draco.
      They lock eyes briefly, then Draco exits.

                              RON
                Aw, bloody hell...

      Harry turns, sees Ron glowering at Ginny, who sits in a
      dark corner with Dean, their faces lit by a guttering
      candle.

                              HERMIONE
                Oh, honestly, Ronald. They're
                just holding hands...
                              (MORE)
                                                        (CONTINUED)

     HARRY POTTER... HALF-BLOOD PRINCE - Rev. 11/6/07       54.
53    CONTINUED:                                                  53
                               HERMIONE (CONT'D)
                      (as Dean kisses
                       Ginny)
                 And snogging.

                              RON
                I'd like to leave.

                               HERMIONE
                Leave?   You can't be serious.

                              RON
                That happens to be my sister.

                              HERMIONE
                So? What if she looked over here
                and saw you snogging me? Would
                you expect her to get up and
                leave?
      Ron blinks, utterly speechless.      Then:

                                SLUGHORN
                Harry, m'boy!
      Slughorn's voice BOOMS so loudly even Ginny jumps -- and
      catches Harry looking. As Slughorn waddles over,
      SLOSHING mug in hand, Harry rises immediately -- an
      action so grossly out of character that Hermione regards
      him with amused curiosity.

                               HARRY
                Hello, sir.   Wonderful to see you.

      Hermione, brow wrinkling, turns to Ron, silently mouths:
      wonderful to see you?
                              HARRY
                So what brings you here, sir?

                              SLUGHORN
                Oh, the Three Broomsticks and I go
                way back. Longer than I'd care to
                admit. In fact, I remember when
                it was simply One Broomstick!

      As Slughorn GUFFAWS, Harry joins in, LAUGHING HEARTILY as
      well. Slughorn's belly trembles next to Hermione's cheek
      and his waving mug sloshes over, spattering the table.

                                SLUGHORN
                Oops!    All hands on deck, Granger!

      Hermione smiles thinly, when a WHISTLE is heard and the
      FILTHY RAG is back, whisking away Slughorn's mess as the
      SKINNY KID slides three foaming mugs onto the table.
                                                        (CONTINUED)

   55.
53    CONTINUED: (2)                                                53
      (In the b.g. Katie Bell emerges from the back, starts for
      the exit. Her friend LEANNE follows her out.)

                              SLUGHORN
                Listen, m'boy. In the old days, I
                used to throw together the
                occasional supper and invite a
                select student or two. Would you
                be game?

                              HARRY
                I'd consider it an honor, sir.

                              SLUGHORN
                You'd be welcome too, Granger.

      Hermione, in the midst of emptying her Butterbeer in one
      long draw, SLAMS down her mug -- leaving behind a
      "mustache."

                              HERMIONE
                Be delighted, sir.

                              SLUGHORN
                Brilliant. Look for my owl.
                     (exiting, to Ron)
                Good to see you, Wallenby.

      Ron frowns as Slughorn waddles away, turns to Harry.

                              RON
                What're you playing at?

                              HARRY
                Dumbledore asked me to... get to
                know him.
                              RON
                Get to know him?
                              HARRY
                Dunno. But it must be important.
                Otherwise Dumbledore wouldn't ask.

      Slam! Ron turns, sees that Hermione has emptied his mug
      as well. Ron gestures to her upper lip.

                              RON
                Um... You've got a little...

      Without a thought, she flicks her tongue up, wipes it
      clean.

  56.


54    EXT. ROAD (OUTSIDE HOGSMEADE) - DAY (MOMENTS LATER)          54

      The snow falls heavily now. Ron and Harry walk together,
      while Hermione trails several yards behind, pirouetting
      happily, letting snowflakes fall on her tongue.

                              RON
                Bit worried about her. Did you
                hear that rubbish she was talking
                back in the pub? Her and me
                snogging. Ha. As if...

                             LEANNE (O.S.)
                Katie. You don't know what it
                could be!

      Up ahead, Katie Bell and Leanne stand in the drifting
      snow, ARGUING. Katie holds a SLENDER PACKAGE. Hermione
      comes bumping up, drapes her arms over the boys.

                                HERMIONE
                What's up?

      At that very instant, Katie Bell RISES SIX FEET INTO THE
      AIR. Hair dancing violently in the wind, her face
      remains eerily placid. Then she... SCREAMS. Harry and
      Ron DASH FORWARD, seize her ankles. At their touch, she
      FALLS to the snow, THRASHING and SHRIEKING, EYES ROLLED
      UP in her skull.

                                LEANNE
                I warned her!    I warned her not to
                touch it!

      Hermione looks.   Lying in the snow is the PACKAGE, TORN.
                              RON
                Harry, she's swallowing her
                tongue --

                              HERMIONE
                I'll get someone --

                              HARRY
                There's no time!

      Suddenly, a MASSIVE FIGURE LURCHES out of the WHITE:
      Hagrid.

                                HAGRID
                Get back!    All o' yeh!




                                                        (CONTINUED)

     HARRY POTTER... HALF-BLOOD PRINCE - Rev. 11/6/07       57.
54    CONTINUED:                                                  54
      He says this so forcefully the others instantly obey.
      Effortlessly, he scoops up Katie's thrashing body and
      then, as if calming a terrified animal, presses his face
      close to hers and WHISPERS with great TENDERNESS:

                               HAGRID
                Now, now.   Now, now...

      Over and over he repeats this, soothingly, the words like
      a mantra, until Katie's lids flutter and her body goes
      limp.

                              HAGRID
                Don' go touchin' tha' but by the
                wrappin's. Unnerstan'?

      Hagrid nods darkly to the package in the snow. Harry
      kneels. Poking through the paper is an ORNATE OPAL
      NECKLACE. Taking off his scarf he carefully enfolds
      package and rises. Then, along with the others, he
      watches Hagrid lumber off, Katie cradled in his arms. In
      seconds they are swallowed by the snow. The only sound
      is the ROAR of the WIND.


55    INT. McGONAGALL'S OFFICE - LATER (LATE AFTERNOON)           55

      The necklace lies green and glittering upon McGonagall's
      desk.

                              PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
                You're sure Katie did not have
                this in her possession when she
                entered the Three Broomsticks,
                Leanne?
                              LEANNE
                It's like I said. She went to the
                loo and when she came back she had
                the package. She said it was
                important she deliver it.

                              PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
                Did she say to whom?

      Leanne shakes her head.

                              PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
                All right, Leanne. You may go.
                     (as Leanne exits)
                Why is it always you three? Hm?
                When something happens?



                                                        (CONTINUED)

  58.
55    CONTINUED:                                                   55
                               RON
                Believe me, Professor, I've been
                asking myself the same question
                for six years.

      Just then, Snape appears at the door, eyes the trio.

                                 PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
                Severus.

                                 SNAPE
                Is this it?

      McGonagall nods. Snape takes his wand, lifts the
      necklace like a dead snake. Eyes it with fascination.

                              PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
                What do you think?

                              SNAPE
                I think Miss Bell is lucky to be
                alive.

                              HARRY
                She was cursed, wasn't she? I
                know Katie. Off the Quidditch
                pitch she wouldn't hurt a fly. If
                she was bringing that to someone,
                she wasn't doing it knowingly.

      Snape eyes Harry levelly.

                               PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
                Yes.   She was cursed.

                                 HARRY
                It was Malfoy.

                              PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
                That's a very serious accusation,
                Potter.

                                SNAPE
                Indeed.    Your evidence?

                              HARRY
                I... just... know.

                              SNAPE
                You... just... know. Once again
                you astonish with your gifts,
                Potter, gifts mere mortals could
                only dream of possessing. How
                grand it must be to be the Chosen
                One.
                                                        (CONTINUED)

  59.
55    CONTINUED: (2)                                               55
      Ron and Hermione avert their eyes uncomfortably.

                              PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
                I suggest you return to your
                dormitory. All of you.


56    INT. BOYS' DORMITORY (GRYFFINDOR TOWER) - NIGHT              56

      Harry and Ron lie awake in the darkened dormitory.    Ron
      stares at the ceiling. Harry eyes "Malfoy" on the
      Marauder's Map.

                              RON
                What do you suppose Dean sees in
                her? Ginny.
                              HARRY
                What does she see in him?

                               RON
                Dean?   He's brilliant.

                              HARRY
                You called him a slick git not
                five hours ago.

                              RON
                Yeah, well, he was running his
                hands all over my sister, wasn't
                he? Something snaps. You've got
                to hate him. You know, on
                principle.

                              HARRY
                     (troubled by this)
                I suppose.

                                 RON
                So what is it?     He sees in her?

                              HARRY
                I don't know. She's smart.
                Funny. Attractive...

                                 RON
                Attractive?

                               HARRY
                You know.   She's... got nice skin.

                              RON
                Skin? You're saying Dean's dating
                my sister because of her skin?

                                                         (CONTINUED)

     HARRY POTTER... HALF-BLOOD PRINCE - Rev. 11/6/07       60.
56    CONTINUED:                                                  56
                               HARRY
                 Well, no. I mean... I'm just
                 saying it could be a contributing
                 factor.

      Silence.   Then:

                               RON
                 Hermione's got nice skin.
                 Wouldn't you say? As skin goes, I
                 mean.

                               HARRY
                 I've never really thought about
                 it. But I suppose, yeah. Very
                 nice.
      Another silence.    Suddenly it feels weird.

                               HARRY
                 I think I'll be going to sleep
                 now.

                                RON
                 Right.

      Harry sets the Map aside. We HOLD. Malfoy's DOT moves
      down the 7th Floor corridor... and disappears.

                                SLUGHORN (V.O.)
                 A toast!

57    INT. SLUGHORN'S OFFICE - NIGHT                              57

      Slughorn stands at the head of a table, goblet raised to
      the students seated before him, which in addition to
      Harry and Hermione include MARCUS BELBY, Blaise Zabini,
      NEVILLE LONGBOTTOM and the TWINS. A distinctive CRYSTAL
      HOURGLASS sits in the center of the table.

                               SLUGHORN
                 To Hogwarts' best and brightest!

                                CORMAC
                 Here, here!

      Hermione exchanges a wry glance with Harry, who notices
      that ONE SETTING is EMPTY. The twins make -- and drink --
      their toast in perfect unison. Neville stares hopelessly
      at the vast array of forks, knives and spoons placed
      beside his plate.

                               NEVILLE
                 Which one do I use for the soup?
                                                        (CONTINUED)

  61.
57    CONTINUED:                                                   57
      Hermione grins, looks up, and gets a WINK from Cormac.

                                                          CUT TO:        


      SAME SCENE - LATER                                                 

                              SLUGHORN
                So tell me, Cormac. See much of
                your Uncle Tiberius these days?

                              CORMAC
                Yes, sir. In fact, I'm meant to
                go hunting with him and the
                Minister for Magic over holiday.

                              SLUGHORN
                Well, be sure to give them both my
                best. What about your uncle,
                Belby? Working on anything new?
                     (to the others)
                For those of you who don't know,
                Marcus' uncle invented the
                Wolfsbane Potion.

      As he speaks, Belby never once looks up from his plate.

                              MARCUS BELBY
                Dunno. He and me dad don't get
                on. Probably because Dad thinks
                potions are rubbish. Says the
                only potion worth having is a
                stiff one at the end of the --
                (day.)                                                   
                              SLUGHORN
                And you, Miss Granger? What is it
                your family does in the Muggle
                world?

                              HERMIONE
                My parents are dentists.   They
                tend to people's teeth.

                              SLUGHORN
                Fascinating. And is that
                considered a dangerous profession?

                              HERMIONE
                No. Though, a boy named Robbie
                Fenwick did bite my father once.
                Needed ten stitches.

      As Slughorn nods, the door GROANS.   Everyone turns.


                                                        (CONTINUED)

     HARRY POTTER... HALF-BLOOD PRINCE - Rev. 11/6/07      61A.
57     CONTINUED: (2)                                             57
                                 SLUGHORN
                 Miss Weasley!    Come in, come in.

                               GINNY
                 Sorry, I'm not ordinarily late --

       She falters, eyes red, uncharacteristically flustered.




                                                        (CONTINUED)

  62.
57    CONTINUED: (3)                                               57
                              SLUGHORN
                No matter. You'll be just in time
                for dessert. That is -- if Belby
                leaves you any.

      As Ginny moves to her seat, Hermione WHISPERS to Harry.

                              HERMIONE
                Look at her eyes. They've been
                fighting again. Her and Dean.

      Harry nods, then stands as Ginny reaches the table -- the
      only one. Hermione notices, eyes him with amusement as
      he sits.

                                HARRY
                What?
                                HERMIONE
                Nothing.

      As Hermione smiles, she lightly strokes the crystal
      hourglass with a finger and we --

                                                     DISSOLVE TO:


58    INT. SLUGHORN'S OFFICE - NIGHT (LATER)                        58

      ... LATER, the sand having run out with the evening.
      Slughorn says his goodbyes.

                              SLUGHORN
                Thank you, one and all, for a most
                stimulating evening. We'll have
                to do it again.
      Slughorn closes the door, turns, sends a FLOOR LAMP
      WOBBLING and, catching it, finds Harry.

                                SLUGHORN
                Oh.   Potter.

                              HARRY
                Sorry, sir, I was just admiring
                your hourglass.

                              SLUGHORN
                Ah, yes. A most intriguing
                object. The sands run in
                accordance to the quality of the
                conversation. When it is
                stimulating, the sands run slow.
                When it is not...

                                                        (CONTINUED)

     HARRY POTTER... HALF-BLOOD PRINCE - Rev. 11/6/07       63.
58    CONTINUED:                                                  58
                              HARRY
                I think I'll be going.

                              SLUGHORN
                Nonsense. You have nothing to
                fear, m'boy. As for some of your
                classmates, well, let's just say,
                they're unlikely to make the
                shelf.

      Slughorn steps to a makeshift bar, begins to construct a
      drink.

                              HARRY
                The shelf, sir?

      Slughorn gestures to the PHOTOGRAPHS seen earlier, now
      ranged like a menagerie atop a low bookcase. Once again,
      Lily Potter and Regulus Black up front.

                              SLUGHORN
                Anyone who aspires to be anyone
                hopes to end up here. Then                              
                again... you are already someone
                aren't you, Harry?

                              HARRY
                I don't really know how to answer
                that, sir.

                              SLUGHORN
                Your mother was modest too. Your
                father not so much. As you can
                see, he did not make the shelf.

      Slughorn smiles genially, turns back to his drink, using
      a pair of TONGS to drop ice into his glass.

                              HARRY
                Did Voldemort ever make the shelf,
                sir?

      Slughorn stiffens, his back to Harry. His hand trembles
      and the ice slips from the tongs. Harry notices.

                              HARRY
                You knew him, didn't you, sir?
                Tom Riddle. You were his teacher.

                              SLUGHORN
                Mr. Riddle had many teachers while
                here at Hogwarts.

                              HARRY
                What was he like?
                                                        (CONTINUED)

   64.
58    CONTINUED: (2)                                                58
      Harry can see the vein in Slughorn's temple pulsating.
      Fearing he may have overstepped...

                              HARRY
                I'm sorry, sir. Forgive me. He
                killed my parents, you see...

      Harry stops, frowns.   Slughorn turns, studies Harry.
      Nods.

                              SLUGHORN
                Of course. It's only natural that
                you should want to know more. I'm
                afraid I must disappoint you,
                Harry. When I first met young Mr.
                Riddle, he was simply a quiet,
                albeit brilliant, boy committed to
                becoming a first-rate wizard. Not
                unlike the others I've known. In
                fact, not unlike... you. If the
                monster existed, it was buried
                deep within.


      CLOSE ON THE HOURGLASS

      Nary a grain trickles through.


59    INT. GREAT HALL - MORNING                                     59

      Ron enters the Hall, eyes lowered, knuckles taped for
      Quidditch, flexing his fingers anxiously as he makes for
      the Gryffindor table. Neville passes going the other
      way.
                              NEVILLE
                Good luck, eh, Ron?

      Ron nods shortly, then Seamus comes up on his side,
      WHISPERS CONSPIRATORIALLY.

                              SEAMUS
                Counting on you, Ron. I've two
                Galleons on Gryffindor.

      As Seamus peels off, Ron cuts his eyes toward the
      Slytherin table, where the Quidditch team sits together.
      One Slytherin juts his chin toward Ron, MUTTERS
      something. A few turn, snigger. Ron averts his eyes
      and... almost runs into Cormac, who eyes him with disdain
      as he passes. Frowning, Ron drops down opposite Harry
      and Hermione. Harry eyes him briefly, knowingly, pushes
      a plate across. Ron takes a fork, pokes at it glumly.

                                                        (CONTINUED)

     HARRY POTTER... HALF-BLOOD PRINCE - Rev. 11/6/07      64A.
59     CONTINUED:                                                 59
                                RON
                 So.   How was it?

       Hermione continues to read the Prophet, unaware of Ron's
       mood.

                                 HERMIONE
                 How was what?

                               RON
                      (with mock
                       refinement)
                 Your dinner party.

                               HERMIONE
                 Dead boring. Though I think Harry
                 enjoyed dessert.




                                                        (CONTINUED)

  65.
59    CONTINUED: (2)                                               59
      Harry's eyes shift, find Hermione smiling faintly from
      behind the Prophet.

                              HERMIONE
                Ol' Sluggy's having a Christmas
                do, you know. And we're meant to
                bring someone...

                               RON
                I expect you'll be going with
                McLaggen. Isn't he a member of
                the Slug Club?

                              HERMIONE
                Actually, I was going to ask you.

                              RON
                Really?

                              HERMIONE
                Really. But seeing as you have
                such a distaste for the idea --

                              LAVENDER BROWN
                     (passing by)
                Good luck today, Ron! I know
                you'll be brilliant!

      Ron smiles feebly, looks back down at his plate.
      Hermione stares daggers.

                              RON
                I'm resigning. After today's
                match. McLaggen can have my spot.

      Hearing this, Hermione turns back. Harry catches her
      eye, extends a SHAKING HAND to indicate Ron's mental
      state.

                              HARRY
                Have it your way. Juice?

      Hermione blinks, surprised by Harry's callousness.    Ron
      is surprised as well -- and mildly put out.

                              RON
                Sure...

      As Harry pours, Luna arrives at the table wearing a HAT
      that bears an uncanny resemblance to a real lion.

                               LUNA
                Hello, everyone. You look
                dreadful, Ron.

                                                         (CONTINUED)

     HARRY POTTER... HALF-BLOOD PRINCE - Rev. 11/6/07       65A.
59     CONTINUED: (3)                                              59
       Ron nods grimly, lifts his glass.   Luna turns to Harry.




                                                        (CONTINUED)

     HARRY POTTER... HALF-BLOOD PRINCE - Rev. 11/6/07       66.
59    CONTINUED: (4)                                              59
                              LUNA
                Is that why you just put something
                in his cup. Is it a tonic?

      The tiny vial of Felix Felicis glints in Harry's palm.

                              HERMIONE
                Don't drink that, Ron!

      But Ron's frozen in mid-sip, looking at Harry's palm too.
      Quickly, he gulps down the rest.

                              HERMIONE
                You could be expelled for that.

                              HARRY
                Dunno what you're talking about.
      Harry pockets the vial, winks at Luna.   Ron rises.

                                RON
                C'mon, Harry.    We've got a game to
                win.


      CLOSEUP - QUAFFLE

      As it ROCKETS into the AIR...


60    EXT. QUIDDITCH PITCH - DAY                                  60

      Instantly, Slytherin snatches the Quaffle and rushes en
      masse toward Gryffindor's end, weaving and passing with
      wicked skill, culminating in a vicious, slicing shot on
      goal. Just when it appears it will clear the hoop, Ron
      streaks out of nowhere and sends the Quaffle screaming in
      the opposite direction. Ginny pauses on her broom,
      stunned.

                              GINNY
                What's gotten into him?

      She glances up at Harry, circling high above and he
      grins. Just then, Dean streaks by:

                                DEAN
                Ginny!    Let's go!

      Instantly, she rolls backward, jets off and races down
      her fellow Chasers. Flying in spread formation, Dean --
      on the far wing -- starts the Quaffle "up the line" until
      it lands in Ginny's hand.


                                                        (CONTINUED)

     HARRY POTTER... HALF-BLOOD PRINCE - Rev. 11/6/07       67.
60    CONTINUED:                                                  60
      Pitching herself into a wide slide to avoid a PAIR of
      WHISTLING BLUDGERS, she leans recklessly off her broom
      and whips the Quaffle through the goal untouched.

      As the CROWD SCREAMS, Harry eyes the Gryffindor section,
      where Luna's LION HAT ROARS, Lavender CLAPS for Ron and
      Hermione sits with her arms crossed, a look of supreme
      annoyance on her face. Harry grins, jets off.


61    INT. GRYFFINDOR COMMON ROOM - NIGHT                         61

      The room teems with students celebrating Gryffindor's
      victory. It feels like Mardi Gras. Or a mosh pit. Or a
      riot. And Ron is right smack in the middle of it.

                               CROWD
                Weasley!   Weasley! Weasley!
      Harry takes his backslaps on the periphery, smiling as he
      sips a Butterbeer and enjoys Ron's turn in the spotlight.

                              HERMIONE
                Ron seems to be enjoying himself.

                               HARRY
                Yep.   Apparently it's his lucky
                day.

                              HERMIONE
                You shouldn't have done it, Harry.

                              HARRY
                Yeah. I suppose I could've just
                used, I dunno... a Confundus
                charm?
                              HERMIONE
                     (caught)
                That was different. It was
                tryouts. This was an actual
                match --

      She stops. Harry dangles the vial.    The SEALING WAX is
      UNBROKEN, the bottle full.

                              HERMIONE
                You didn't put it in?
                     (as he shakes his
                      head)
                Ron only thought you did?

      He nods. She POPS him playfully on the arm when WHISTLES
      and CATCALLS rise. They turn to see what the commotion
      is about and find, smack dab in the center of the room...
                                                        (CONTINUED)

     HARRY POTTER... HALF-BLOOD PRINCE - Rev. 11/6/07       68.
61    CONTINUED:                                                  61
      Ron and Lavender. In a clinch. Kissing. Harry stares,
      blinks, then turns back... to no one. His eyes shift,
      track Hermione as she bumps through the crowd toward the
      portrait hole.


62    EXT. CORRIDOR - NIGHT (SECONDS LATER)                       62

      Harry leaves the ROAR of the party for the QUIET of the
      corridor. Ahead, a door stands ajar. CHIRPING can be
      heard.


63    INT. CHAMBER - SAME TIME - NIGHT                            63

      Hermione sits atop a desk, a small ring of TWITTERING
      BIRDS circling her head. The birds change color as they
      orbit, from sunny yellow to a dark, angry scarlet.

                                HERMIONE
                Charms spell.    Just practicing.

                               HARRY
                Ah.   Well... they're really good.

                              HERMIONE
                     (studying her wand)
                How does it feel, Harry? When you
                see Dean with Ginny?
                     (off his look)
                I know, Harry. You're my best
                friend. I see how you look at
                her.

      Just then the DOOR BURSTS WIDE and Ron rushes in, pulling
      a GIGGLING Lavender by the hand. They stop. Take
      inventory.

                               LAVENDER BROWN
                Oops.   I think this room's taken.

      As Lavender pulls Ron out, he cuts his VOICE LOW to
      Harry.

                              RON
                What's with the birds?

      Before Harry can reply, Hermione rises, points her wand.

                                HERMIONE
                Oppugno!
      Instantly the birds race like angry red bullets toward
      Ron, who flees, SLAMMING SHUT the door.

                                                        (CONTINUED)

     HARRY POTTER... HALF-BLOOD PRINCE - Rev. 11/6/07       69.
63    CONTINUED:                                                  63
      As the birds hit the door, they EXPLODE SOFTLY into small
      FEATHER CLOUDS and Hermione covers her face and SOBS.
      Harry goes to her, hesitates, then tentatively drapes his
      arm over her. As she turns her face into his chest, he
      pulls her closer, watching as, across the room, the last
      scarlet feather drifts to the floor, joining the pool
      already there.

                              HARRY
                It feels like this.


64    EXT. CASTLE - WINDOW - SAME TIME - NIGHT                    64

      THROUGH the icy window, we see Harry cradling Hermione
      within. As CAMERA DRIFTS AWAY, RISING THROUGH the
      FALLING SNOW, the VIEW EXPANDS. In the Common Room, the
      party rages on, while three windows down, Lavender pulls
      Ron into a kiss. Figures pass by windows, including one
      tall, pale boy standing at a WINDOW on the SEVENTH FLOOR:
      Malfoy. As he turns away, the castle slides FROM VIEW
      and the CAMERA TILTS UP TO the sky, drifting with snow.


65    INT. CORRIDOR - DAY                                         65

      Tinsel decks the banisters and mistletoe droops from the
      ceiling. As Ron and Harry make their way down the
      crowded corridor, passing the BIRDCAGE, Ron walks with a
      new air of confidence, not exactly strutting, but close.

                              RON
                Look, I can't help it if she's got
                her knickers in a twist. What Lav
                and I have -- well, let's just say
                there was no stopping it. It's
                chemical. Will it last? Who
                knows? Point is, I'm a free
                agent.


66    INT. LIBRARY - NIGHT                                        66

      Harry trails Hermione through the stacks.

                              HERMIONE
                He's at perfect liberty to kiss
                whomever he likes. I really
                couldn't care less. Was I under
                the impression that he and I would
                be attending Slughorn's Christmas
                party together? Yes. Of course,
                now, given the circumstances, I've
                had to make other arrangements.

                                                        (CONTINUED)

     HARRY POTTER... HALF-BLOOD PRINCE - Rev. 11/6/07     70.
66    CONTINUED:                                                 66
                              HARRY
                Have you?

                              HERMIONE
                Yes.   Why?

                              HARRY
                I just thought, you know, since
                neither one of us can take who
                we'd really like... maybe we'd go
                together. As friends.

                              HERMIONE
                     (stopping)
                Why didn't I think of that?

                              HARRY
                So who are you taking?

                              HERMIONE
                     (evasively)
                Um... it's a surprise. Besides,
                it's you we need to worry about.
                And you can't pick just anyone.
                See that girl over there. That's
                Romilda Vane. Rumor has it she's
                trying to slip you a love potion.

                              HARRY
                Really...?

      Harry considers a fine-boned GIRL with RAVEN HAIR
      (ROMILDA VANE). She is exquisite, an absolute work of...

                              HERMIONE
                     (snapping fingers)
                Hey! She's only interested in you
                because she thinks you're the
                Chosen One. You know that, right?

                              HARRY
                But I am the Chosen One.

      Hermione cocks her head at him, exasperated.

                              HARRY
                Okay. Kidding. I'll just ask
                someone I like. Someone cool.

   71.


67    INT. STAIRCASE/CORRIDOR - NIGHT                                67

      Luna Lovegood, decked out in a set of SPANGLED SILVER
      ROBES, and Harry, in basic black, make their way toward
      the STRAINS of CHRISTMAS MUSIC, RED LANTERNS lighting
      their way.

                              LUNA
                I've never been to this part of
                the castle. At least not while
                awake. I sleepwalk, you see.
                It's why I wear shoes to bed.

      As Harry and Luna pass out of sight, we PICK UP Malfoy,
      standing in the shadows of an alcove. He watches them
      go, then moves off.

68    INT. HOGWARTS CASTLE - ANOTHER CORRIDOR - SAME TIME -          68
      NIGHT

      In the f.g., the BIRDCAGE glimmers dully in the gray
      moonlight streaming through a window. Within, the TWO
      BIRDS huddle quietly. We RACK FOCUS and see, THROUGH the
      grid of wire, a FIGURE APPROACHING.

      Draco moves down the corridor, eyes fixed oddly ahead.
      He looks pale in the moonlight. In his fist he grips an
      APPLE. As he passes the cage, we HOLD ON the BIRDS.


69    INT. SEVENTH FLOOR CORRIDOR - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER)            69

      Draco approaches.   Stops.   Turns to the wall.   Closes his
      eyes.

70    INT. ROOM OF REQUIREMENT - NIGHT (SECONDS LATER)               70

      CAMERA GLIDES PAST dozens of TOWERING SHELVES, dust-
      strewn and listing like dominoes, cluttered with all
      matter of strange OBJECTS. Draco appears, his legs
      pushing him on, wending his way through the narrow
      passages.


      NEW ANGLE - BEHIND LARGE RECTANGULAR MASS

      We RISE ABOVE it, watch Draco walk directly TOWARD us and
      stop. He stares at the solid mass before him. Reaches
      out and takes the fringe of the tapestry covering it.
      Tugs. The tapestry shivers like water to the floor,
      revealing...

      A CABINET, identical to the one in Borgin & Burkes.
                                                         (CONTINUED)

  72.
70    CONTINUED:                                                   70
      Draco runs a hand over the glossy finish, comes away with
      DUST upon his fingertips. Glancing around, he spies a
      BUST of a WOMAN wearing a TIARA, removes the SILK SCARF
      hanging from her porcelain neck and gently wipes the dust
      away from the cabinet. Bringing the apple up, he opens
      the cabinet and places it within. Shuts it. Closing his
      eyes, he MUTTERS a LOW INCANTATION, barely discernible.

      He reaches out. Opens it. The apple is gone. He closes
      the cabinet again. Waits. Longer this time. Finally,
      he opens it. Removes the apple. Rotates it.

      Someone has taken a BITE out of it.


71    INT. SLUGHORN'S OFFICE - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER)               71
      FLASH! A CAMERA POPS, reveals Harry smiling with
      Slughorn before a PHOTOGRAPHER (ADRIAN). The ceiling and
      walls are draped with HANGINGS of emerald, crimson and
      gold, so the room feels like a tent... or the inside of a
      gift box. It is LOUD and packed with people.

                              SLUGHORN
                Thank you, Adrian!
                     (quietly to Harry)
                One of mine. Class of `78. I had
                hoped for more out of him, but at
                least the pictures are in focus.
                     (suddenly)
                Oh my! Excuse me, Harry. I must
                greet the new Minister of Magical
                Transportation. Class of `67.
                     (as he goes)
                Mingle, m'boy! Mingle! We're all
                friends here. And we run the
                world.

      Harry watches Slughorn make a beeline across the room,
      along the way nodding to the twins, who have apparently
      come with each other.

                              VOICE (O.S.)
                Drink?

      Harry turns, finds Neville standing with a tray.

                              HARRY
                Neville...?

                              NEVILLE
                I didn't make the cut for the Slug
                Club. It's okay. He's got Belby
                handing out towels in the loo.

                                                         (CONTINUED)

     HARRY POTTER... HALF-BLOOD PRINCE - Rev. 11/6/07       73.
71    CONTINUED:                                                  71
      As Neville turns away, Harry notices a pair of GIRL'S
      FEET protruding from beneath a CRIMSON HANGING. His gaze
      rises, finds Hermione peeking out. As he moves off, we
      see Luna talking to a small, stout bespectacled man
      (ELDRED WORPLE).

                              ELDRED WORPLE
                Lovegood, did you say? I once
                encountered a seriously unbalanced
                man by that name at a book
                signing. Claimed to run a
                magazine...


      NEW ANGLE - HERMIONE - BEHIND THE HANGING - SECONDS LATER

                              HARRY (O.S.)
                What're you doing?

      Hermione YELPS, turns, pulls Harry behind the hanging.
      Her hair is slightly askew, her lipstick a bit blurry.

                              HARRY
                And what's happened to you?

                              HERMIONE
                Hm? Oh, I've just escaped -- I
                mean, left Cormac. Under the
                mistletoe.

                               HARRY
                Cormac!   That's who you invited!
                              HERMIONE
                I thought it would annoy Ron most.
                But he's a menace. He's got more
                tentacles than a Snarfalump plant.

                                 WAITER (O.S.)
                Dragon tartar?

      They turn, find a WAITER peeking in, tray in hand.

                                 HERMIONE
                No thank you.

                              WAITER
                Just as well. They give one
                horribly bad breath.

                              HERMIONE
                     (grabbing the tray)
                On second thought -- maybe it'll
                keep Cormac at bay. Oh no, here
                he comes!
                                                        (CONTINUED)

   74.
71    CONTINUED: (2)                                                71
      Hermione pops two of the Dragon blobs into her mouth,
      shoves the tray in Harry's hand and flits away.


      NEW ANGLE - PARTY - SAME TIME

      Snape, looking bored, stands on the periphery of a
      conversation, when he sees Hermione exit one side of the
      hanging and Cormac enter the other.


      NEW ANGLE - BEHIND THE HANGING - SAME TIME

                              HARRY
                I think she went to powder her
                nose.
      Harry looks past Cormac's shoulder, out past the hanging
      and sees Slughorn laughing with a guest. Cormac plucks a
      dragon blob off the tray in Harry's hand, pops it.

                              CORMAC
                Slippery little minx, your friend.
                Likes to work her mouth too,
                doesn't she? Yak yak yak. What
                is this I'm eating, by the way?

                                HARRY
                Dragon balls.

      As Cormac's face freezes, Harry starts to head toward
      Slughorn when the HANGING IS SWEAP ASIDE: Snape.

                              SNAPE
                What's going on back here?
      Cormac SPEWS raw dragon all over Snape's shoes.   Snape
      surveys the damage, then his eyes rise darkly.

                              SNAPE
                You've just bought yourself a
                month's detention, McLaggen.

      McLaggen dashes off.   Harry makes to follow.

                              SNAPE
                Not so quick, Potter.

                              HARRY
                I think I should rejoin the party,
                sir. My date...

                              SNAPE
                ... can surely survive your
                absence for another minute or two.
                              (MORE)
                                                        (CONTINUED)

    75.
71    CONTINUED: (3)                                                 71
                               SNAPE (CONT'D)
                 Besides, I only wish to convey a
                 message.

                                HARRY
                A message...?

                              SNAPE
                From Professor Dumbledore. He
                asked that I give you his best and
                that he hopes you enjoy your
                holiday. You see, he's traveling
                and won't return until term
                resumes.

                               HARRY
                Traveling?   Where?
      Snape merely stares a Harry silently, briefly, then
      exits, taking Harry's gaze with him, to Slughorn once
      again, wildly gesturing with a full glass of wine.

                              MALFOY (O.S.)
                Take your hands off me, you
                filthy squib!

      A frown overtakes Slughorn's face and he turns toward the
      source of the commotion, exits Harry's view. Harry
      emerges from the hanging, finds Malfoy in Filch's rough
      grip.

                              FILCH
                Professor Slughorn, sir! I've
                just discovered this boy lurking
                in an upstairs corridor. He
                claims to have been invited to
                your party.
                              MALFOY
                Okay, okay, I was gate-crashing.
                Happy?

                              SNAPE
                I'll escort him out.

      Draco's eyes shift, regard Snape.    He shrugs free of
      Filch.

                              MALFOY
                Certainly... Professor.


72    EXT. DARK CORRIDOR - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER)                     72

      CAMERA GLIDES in the DARKNESS.    VOICES are HEARD.

                                                        (CONTINUED)

   76.
72    CONTINUED:                                                     72
                              MALFOY (O.S.)
                Maybe I did hex that Bell girl.
                Maybe I didn't. What's it to you?
      Two SILHOUETTES come INTO VIEW -- Malfoy, slumped against
      the wall in lazy insolence, and Snape.

                              SNAPE
                I swore to protect you.   I made
                the Unbreakable Vow --
                              MALFOY
                I don't need protection. I was
                chosen for this! Out of all
                others. Me! And I won't fail
                him.
                              SNAPE
                You're afraid, Draco. You attempt
                to conceal it, but it's obvious.
                Let me assist you --
                             MALFOY
                No! I was chosen. This is my
                moment!
      Malfoy exits.   Then Snape.


      WIDER ANGLE

      Harry is revealed in an adjacent alcove.     He's heard all.
      A TRAIN is HEARD...


73    EXT. HOGWARTS EXPRESS - MOVING - DAY                           73
      The Hogwarts Express CHUGS through a SNOWY COUNTRYSIDE.


74    INT. HOGWARTS EXPRESS - MOVING - DAY                           74

      Ron lies on his back, while Harry sits opposite, leafing
      through the Half-Blood Prince's potions book.

                              RON
                Unbreakable Vow. You're sure
                that's what Snape said.

                               HARRY
                Positive.   Why?

                              RON
                It's just, well, you can't break
                an Unbreakable Vow.
                                                         (CONTINUED)

  77.
74    CONTINUED:                                                   74
                              HARRY
                I'd worked that much out for
                myself, funnily enough.

                               RON
                No, you don't understand -- Oh,
                bloody hell...

      Lavender stands outside the compartment door. Fogging
      the glass with her breath, she ETCHES "Ron + Lav,"
      encircles it with a HEART, mimes "I miss you," and exits
      with a pout.

                              HARRY
                Lovely.

                              RON
                All she wants to do is snog me.
                My lips are getting chapped.
                Look.

                              HARRY
                I'll take your word for it.

      Just then, Hermione passes by, breaks stride as she spots
      Lavender's handiwork, then continues on. Ron shakes his
      head.

                              HARRY
                So what happens? If you break an
                Unbreakable Vow?

      Ron glowers, watching as Lavender's heart slowly
      VANISHES.

                              RON
                You die.


75    INT. WEASLEY HOUSE - SAME TIME - NIGHT                       75

      The house glows with light and HOLIDAY MUSIC rings from
      the WIRELESS. Fred and George fill cups with STEAMING
      NOG and Mrs. Weasley and Ginny ferry plates of food.

                              MRS. WEASLEY
                Eat up, eat up, everyone! There's
                more to come!

      Harry sits in deep conversation with LUPIN, TONKS, and
      MR. WEASLEY. Ron sits by silently. Lupin looks haggard.




                                                         (CONTINUED)

     HARRY POTTER... HALF-BLOOD PRINCE - Rev. 11/6/07       78.
75    CONTINUED:                                                  75
                              HARRY
                Draco's plotting something, I know
                it, something to do with
                Voldemort. He's been given a task
                or a mission -- and Snape was
                offering to help.

                               LUPIN
                Voldemort has chosen Draco Malfoy
                for a mission?

                              HARRY
                I know it sounds mad --

                              LUPIN
                Has it occurred to you, Harry,
                that Snape was simply pretending
                to offer Draco help so that he
                could find out what he's up to?

                              HARRY
                That's not what it sounded like.

                              TONKS
                Perhaps Harry's right, Remus. To
                make an Unbreakable Vow, after
                all --

                              LUPIN
                It comes down to whether or not
                you trust Dumbledore's judgement.
                He trusts Snape. Therefore, I do.

                              HARRY
                But Dumbledore can make mistakes.
                He's said it himself --
                              LUPIN
                You're blinded by hatred.

                              HARRY
                I'm not --

                              LUPIN
                     (sharply)
                You are! People are disappearing,
                Harry. Daily. We can only put
                our trust in a handful of people.
                If we start fighting amongst
                ourselves, we're doomed.

      Tonks gives Harry a furtive glance, as if to say, "Leave
      it."


                                                        (CONTINUED)

     HARRY POTTER... HALF-BLOOD PRINCE - Rev. 11/6/07       78A.
75     CONTINUED: (2)                                              75
                                 GINNY
                 Open up, you.

       Harry turns, finds Ginny, holding something in her
       fingers.

                               GINNY
                 Don't trust me?

       He obliges and she pops a SMALL TART in his mouth.

                                 HARRY
                 It's good.




                                                        (CONTINUED)

     HARRY POTTER... HALF-BLOOD PRINCE - Rev. 11/6/07       79.
75    CONTINUED: (3)                                              75
                                GINNY
                `Course `tis.    Made them myself.

      She smiles at him, hooks her ginger hair over one ear and
      Ron plops down between them. Big brother to the rescue.


76    EXT. REEDS (SURROUNDING BURROW) - NIGHT (LATER)             76

      Within the reeds. An eerie POV. TRACKING Harry and Mr.
      Weasley as they walk from the house to the adjacent
      WORKSHOP.


77    INT. MR. WEASLEY'S WORKSHOP - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER)         77

      Harry trails Mr. Weasley through his cluttered workshop,
      which is chock-a-block with MUGGLE OBJECTS: Steam irons.
      Toasters. Clock radios. Plugs. Lots of plugs. The
      PARTY can still be heard, drifting faintly from the main
      house.

                              MR. WEASLEY
                You'll have to forgive Remus. It
                takes its toll -- his condition.

                              HARRY
                     (studying him)
                Are you alright, Mr. Weasley?

      Arthur tries a smile, but it fades.   He frowns, pained.

                              MR. WEASLEY
                We're being followed, all of us.
                Molly doesn't leave the house most
                days. It's not been easy.
                              HARRY
                     (a nod, then)
                Did you get my owl?

                              MR. WEASLEY
                Yes, but I thought it best if I
                replied in person. If
                Dumbledore's traveling, it's news
                to the Ministry. But perhaps
                that's the way Dumbledore wants
                it. As for Draco Malfoy -- I know
                a bit more.

                                HARRY
                Go on.



                                                        (CONTINUED)

     HARRY POTTER... HALF-BLOOD PRINCE - Rev. 11/6/07      80.
77    CONTINUED:                                                  77
                              MR. WEASLEY
                I sent an agent to Borgin &
                Burkes. From what you describe, I
                think what you and Ron saw at the
                end of the summer -- the object
                that Draco seemed so interested in
                -- was a Vanishing Cabinet.

                              HARRY
                A Vanishing Cabinet?

                              MR. WEASLEY
                They were all the rage when
                Voldemort first rose to power.
                You can imagine the appeal.
                Should the Death Eaters come
                calling, one needed only slip
                inside and disappear for an hour
                or two. But they're tricky
                contraptions. Require a
                tremendous amount of looking
                after. Eventually they fell out
                of favor.

                              HARRY
                What happened to it?   The one at
                Borgin & Burkes?

                               MR. WEASLEY
                Nothing.   It's still there.

      Harry nods, pondering this.

                              MR. WEASLEY
                Harry. You know, I went through
                all this before -- the last time
                around. Times like these -- dark
                times -- do funny things to
                people. It can bring them
                together and it can tear them
                apart. Things... speed up. It's
                what happens when you don't know
                if today will be your last.


78    EXT. REEDS (SURROUNDING BURROW) - NIGHT (LATER)             78

      Similar eerie POV. On the porch, Molly and Arthur,
      looking middle-aged and fragile, say goodbye to Lupin and
      Tonks.

   81.


79    EXT. PORCH - SAME TIME - NIGHT                                79

      While the others TALK, Lupin stands a bit off to the
      side, staring into the reeds. His nostrils flair subtly.

                              TONKS
                It was delicious, Molly.    Really.

                              MRS. WEASLEY
                You're sure you won't stay?

                              TONKS
                No, we should go.
                     (under her breath)
                The first night of the cycle is
                always the worst --
      Tonks gestures vaguely to the moon.    Arthur glances at
      Lupin.


      ARTHUR'S POV - LUPIN'S HAND

      ... as the HAIRS on the knuckles RISE.


      BACK TO SCENE

                              MRS. WEASLEY
                Remus...?


80    INT. WEASLEY HOUSE - SECOND FLOOR - SAME TIME - NIGHT         80

      Harry peers through the ripples of an imperfect
      windowpane, studying the others below. A FLOORBOARD
      CREAKS. He turns, watches Ginny emerge into the light,
      in a robe, twisting her wet hair in a towel.

                              GINNY
                Everyone gone to bed?

                              HARRY
                Soon.

                              GINNY
                I don't sleep these days. So I
                wash my hair. Silly, right?

      Harry just stares at her, the air prickling with silence.
      Ginny eyes him knowingly.

                              GINNY
                Happy Christmas, Harry.

   82.


81    EXT. PORCH - SAME TIME - NIGHT                                81

      Lupin continues to peer into the reeds.   His PUPILS
      CONTRACT.

                                TONKS
                Sweetheart...

                              LUPIN
                There's someone out there. I can
                smell him. There's more than
                one --

      Suddenly -- throughout the reeds -- TORCHES BLAZE.


82    INT. WEASLEY HOUSE - SECOND FLOOR - SAME TIME - NIGHT         82
      The rippled window behind Harry blushes with light.
      Ginny's eyes shift from Harry to the trees beyond.

                                GINNY
                Oh my god...

      Harry turns, his BREATH FOGGING the WINDOWPANE as, far
      below, FLAMES SNAKE out of the reeds and SLITHER toward
      the house. Bellatrix emerges, peering up through the
      darkness toward Harry's SILHOUETTE, a mad grin on her
      face. As she SHRIEKS EERILY, his eyes flash with hatred.


83    EXT. WEASLEY HOUSE - PORCH - SAME TIME - NIGHT                83

      Harry bursts through the front door, wand drawn, pelts
      toward Bellatrix. She grins, turns, and vanishes into
      the reeds.
                                MR. WEASLEY
                Harry, no!

      Flames race up the porch steps, climb the walls of the
      house. Lupin draws his wand and races after Harry.

                                TONKS
                Remus!

      Ron, Fred and George appear, join Arthur as he dashes
      toward the smoking marsh. Arthur glances back as Ginny
      emerges.

                              MR. WEASLEY
                Ginny, stay with your mother!

      Without hesitation, she races for the reeds.

   83.


84    EXT. REEDS (SURROUNDING BURROW) - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER)       84

      Harry careens through the marsh, reeds flashing past,
      then spies Bellatrix. She GRINS, looking like a crazed
      wood nymph, then flits off, her LAUGHTER mocking him. As
      he pursues, FIRE SNAKES through the reeds toward him.


      NEW ANGLE

      Fred, George, Ron and Arthur fan out, running full-out,
      their feet kicking up SPARKS as SHADOWS splinter
      throughout the reeds. It's like chasing ghosts.


      NEW ANGLES
      Ginny, copper hair gleaming, races through the reeds.

      Bellatrix leads Harry on, grinning madly.

      Ginny comes dashing to a halt, chest heaving as she peers
      into the smoking marsh. A HUGE FIGURE QUIVERS through a
      veil of smoke. Ginny's eyes SHIFT, see Bellatrix racing
      forward through the reeds, then SHIFT back as the veil of
      smoke evaporates, reveals... Greyback. Bellatrix makes
      an ODD, CLICKING noise -- like a signal -- and Greyback
      edges forward, sweeping away the reeds in front of him
      and revealing...

      ... Harry as he pelts forward.

                                  GINNY
                   No, Harry!   It's a trap!
      Harry falters, looking toward Ginny's voice and spies
      Greyback. Bellatrix stops dead, wheels in her tracks
      and, seeing Ginny, SHRIEKS with RAGE. Raising her wand,
      she fires a BOLT of RED LIGHT which explodes in a SHOWER
      of SPARKS around Ginny. Ginny fires back, then wheels
      away, flashing through the reeds and coming face to face
      with...

      Greyback, sharp teeth glittering.

                                 GREYBACK
                   Don't you smell clean.

      Just then, a BOLT OF BLUE bursts off Greyback's back and
      he turns, sees Harry standing several yards off. As
      Greyback gives chase, Ginny pelts after and we CUT BACK
      AND FORTH BETWEEN Harry, Ginny and the beast between
      them, faster and faster, their BREATHS shortening
      until...

                                                        (CONTINUED)

     HARRY POTTER... HALF-BLOOD PRINCE - Rev. 11/6/07       84.
84    CONTINUED:                                                  84
      Greyback rushes into a clearing, panting, glancing about.

      Just then, TWIN BOLTS of light blast from opposite sides
      of the clearing and Greyback is lifted in the air,
      slammed to the ground. As he regains his feet he looks
      into the reeds and sees Harry and Ginny, wands poised.
      He grins... when Bellatrix's odd, CLICKING signal carries
      through the night once again. Turning away, he exits.

      Harry and Ginny slowly step out of the reeds, stare at
      each other wordlessly. Then... Ron, Fred, George, Arthur
      and Lupin come thrashing into the clearing, stop. All
      around them, the reeds SMOKE, the flames dying. Across
      the marsh, Bellatrix's cackle rises briefly on the air --
      then all is quiet.

                              HERMIONE (V.O.)
                You're lucky you weren't killed.


85    INT. HOGWARTS CASTLE - CORRIDOR - SAME TIME - DAY           85

      Hermione reads the Daily Prophet as she walks alongside
      Harry. The HEADLINE is GLOOMY: "MORE DISAPPEARANCES."

                              HERMIONE
                You have to realize who you are,
                Harry.

                              HARRY
                     (sharply)
                I know who I am, Hermione,
                alright?
                     (frowning)
                Sorry.
                              HERMIONE
                So tell me what Arthur said.

                              HARRY
                If Dumbledore's traveling places,
                it's news to the Ministry. But
                get this: that night at Borgin &
                Burkes? It seems Draco was
                looking at a Vanishing Cabinet.

                              HERMIONE
                What would Draco want with a
                Vanishing Cabinet?

                               HARRY
                You tell me.

      Hermione frowns, pondering this.   Then:

                                                        (CONTINUED)

     HARRY POTTER... HALF-BLOOD PRINCE - Rev. 11/6/07      84A.
85     CONTINUED:                                                 85
                               HERMIONE
                 He looks different, don't you
                 think? Draco. Almost... ill.

                               HARRY
                 Who could tell the difference?




                                                        (CONTINUED)

     HARRY POTTER... HALF-BLOOD PRINCE - Rev. 11/6/07       85.
85    CONTINUED: (2)                                              85
                               RON (O.S.)
                Lav, c'mon.   Of course I'll wear
                it.

      They glance ahead, see Ron and a pouting Lavender. Ron
      holds a GOLD CHAIN which spells out "My Sweetheart."

                              LAVENDER BROWN
                That's my Won-Won.

                              HERMIONE
                Excuse me, I have to go vomit.

      As Hermione exits, Harry spies Ginny, in an alcove,
      sitting by as Dean laughs with SEAMUS. Looking up, she
      sees Harry, gives a feeble wave. He waves back and we --
                                                          CUT TO:


86    INT. DUMBLEDORE'S OFFICE - NIGHT                              86

      HARRY'S FACE PLUNGING INTO WATER, BREAKING THE SURFACE...


87    FLASHBACK - INT. SLUGHORN'S OFFICE - NIGHT (YEARS PAST)       87

      We emerge from the CRACKLING EMBERS of a FIREPLACE. A
      much younger -- and more smartly dressed Slughorn probes
      a dish of CRYSTALLIZED PINEAPPLE as he holds court before
      16-YEAR-OLD TOM RIDDLE and five other BOYS. The CRYSTAL
      HOURGLASS sits on a side table.

                              TOM RIDDLE
                Sir, is it true that Professor
                Merrythought is retiring?
      Slughorn chuckles, wags a sugar-encrusted finger at
      Riddle.

                               SLUGHORN
                Now, Tom, I couldn't tell you if I
                knew, could I? I must say, m'boy,
                I'd like to know where you get
                your information. More
                knowledgeable than half the staff,
                you are.
                      (as the other boys
                       laugh)
                By the way, thank you for the
                pineapple -- you're quite right,
                it is my favorite -- how is it you
                knew?


                                                        (CONTINUED)

   86.
87    CONTINUED:                                                    87
                              TOM RIDDLE
                Intuition.

      Riddle smiles but his expression suggests intuition had
      nothing to do with it. Slughorn chuckles uneasily.

                              SLUGHORN
                Good gracious, look at the time.
                Off you go, boys, or Professor
                Dippett will have us all in
                detention. Lestrange, Avery,
                don't forget your essays...

      As the others file out, Slughorn busies himself with some
      papers when -- Ping! -- he turns, finds Riddle still
      there, standing by the crystal hourglass.
                              SLUGHORN
                Look sharp, Tom. You don't want
                to be caught out of bed after
                hours...

                              TOM RIDDLE
                I know a secret shortcut or two.

                              SLUGHORN
                Yes, I imagine you do.   Something
                on your mind, Tom?

                              TOM RIDDLE
                Yes, sir. I couldn't think of
                anyone else to go to. The other
                professors, well, they're not like
                you. They might... misunderstand.

                              SLUGHORN
                Go on.

      Riddle slips off the RING on his left hand, begins to
      roll it between his fingers. It is set with a BLACK
      STONE.

                              TOM RIDDLE
                I was in the library the other
                night, in the Restricted section,
                and I read something rather odd,
                about a bit of rare magic, and I
                thought perhaps you could
                illuminate me...

      Suddenly, a DENSE FOG engulfs the room and SLUGHORN'S
      VOICE twists into an ANGRY SHRIEK:



                                                        (CONTINUED)

   87.
87    CONTINUED: (2)                                                87
                              SLUGHORN
                I don't know anything about such
                things and I wouldn't tell you if
                I did! Now get out of here at
                once and don't ever let me catch
                you mentioning it again!
      The FOG grows thicker and...


88    INT. DUMBLEDORE'S OFFICE - NIGHT (PRESENT)                    88

      ... CAMERA EMERGES FROM the swirling Pensieve. Harry
      blinks, finds Dumbledore studying him from across the
      room.

                             DUMBLEDORE
                Confused? I would be surprised if
                you weren't.

                              HARRY
                I don't understand -- what
                happened?

                              DUMBLEDORE
                This is perhaps the most important
                memory I've collected. It's also
                a lie.
                     (off Harry's look)
                This memory has been tampered
                with. In this case by the person
                whose memory it is, our friend
                Professor Slughorn.

                              HARRY
                But why would he tamper with his
                own memory?

                              DUMBLEDORE
                I suspect he is ashamed of it.

                              HARRY
                Why?

                              DUMBLEDORE
                Why indeed.

      Dumbledore trails his withered fingers in the Pensieve.

                              DUMBLEDORE
                I asked you to get to know
                Professor Slughorn and you've done
                so.
                              (MORE)

                                                        (CONTINUED)

   88.
88    CONTINUED:                                                    88
                               DUMBLEDORE (CONT'D)
                 Now I want you to persuade him to
                 divulge his true memory. Any way
                 you can.

                              HARRY
                I don't know him that well, sir --

                              DUMBLEDORE
                You're the Chosen One, Harry. And
                Horace is, at heart, a decent man.
                Provide the proper circumstances
                and he will confess his sins.

      Dumbledore lifts his fingers from the Pensieve, studies
      them. They are, in this moment, iridescent, whole.

                              DUMBLEDORE
                This memory is everything, Harry.
                Without it, we are blind. Without
                it, we leave the fate of our world
                to chance. You have no choice.
                You must not fail.

      As Harry watches, the damp sheen enveloping Dumbledore's
      hand evaporates and once again his fingers decay.


89    INT./EXT. SLUGHORN'S CLASSROOM - DAY                          89

      As the CLASS BELL RINGS, a group of FIRST YEARS rise.

                              SLUGHORN
                Now don't forget to look over the
                chapter on antidotes. I'll be
                poisoning one of you next time we
                meet. I'm joking! Off you go!
                Don't forget your rattails, Miss
                Alys.

      As the tiny ones scurry out, Harry is revealed, waiting
      just outside the door. He enters. For a moment,
      Slughorn merely HUMS over his briefcase, unaware.
      Then...

                              SLUGHORN
                Ah! If it isn't the Prince of
                Potions himself! To what do I owe
                the pleasure?

                              HARRY
                Well, sir, I wondered if I might
                ask you something.

                              SLUGHORN
                Ask away, my dear boy, ask away!
                                                        (CONTINUED)

   89.
89    CONTINUED:                                                    89
                              HARRY
                Well, you see, the other day I was
                in the Restricted Section -- in
                the library -- and I stumbled upon
                something rather odd while
                reading. Something about a bit of
                rare magic...

                             SLUGHORN
                Yes? And exactly what was this
                rare magic.

                              HARRY
                I'm not sure... That is, I don't
                recall the name... exactly. But
                it got me wondering... Are there
                some kinds of magic you're not
                allowed to teach?

      Slughorn looks up, eyes Harry carefully.

                              SLUGHORN
                I'm a Potions Professor, Harry.
                Perhaps your question would best
                be posed to Professor Snape.

                              HARRY
                Yes, well, we don't exactly see
                eye-to-eye, sir. What I mean to
                say is, he's not like you. He
                might... misunderstand.

      Recognition flickers in Slughorn's eyes.   A glint of
      fear.

                              SLUGHORN
                There can be no light without the
                dark. And so it is with magic.
                Myself, I have always strived to
                live within the light. I suggest
                you do the same.

      Slughorn gathers his briefcase, starts to exit.

                              HARRY
                Did you say the same to Tom
                Riddle, sir? When he came asking
                questions.

      Slughorn freezes in the doorway, then slowly turns.

                              SLUGHORN
                Dumbledore put you up to this.
                Didn't he? Didn't he!

                                                        (CONTINUED)

    90.
89    CONTINUED: (2)                                                 89
                                HARRY
                Sir --

      Slughorn silences him with an upraised hand.   Then,
      without another word, he is gone.


90    INT. CORRIDOR - DAY (MOMENTS LATER)                            90

      Lightning flashes. Thunder rumbles. Rain lashes the
      windows. Through the birdcage's grid of wires someone
      approaches. We RACK FOCUS... FIND Harry. As he passes,
      we HOLD ON the cage. One bird is missing. Only the
      BLACK one remains. As thunder BOOMS, the bird RUFFLES
      its feathers.

      Harry glances down the corridor adjacent, sees a FIGURE
      start up the far stairwell. As the SHADOW ASCENDS, Harry
      follows.


91    INT. CORRIDOR - SAME TIME - DAY                                91

      The FIGURE continues on, passes OUT OF VIEW.   Harry
      follows.


92    INT. CORRIDOR - SAME TIME - DAY                                92

      Harry, still trailing.    The FIGURE turns a corner...


93    INT. SEVENTH FLOOR CORRIDOR                                    93

      ... comes INTO VIEW. It's Draco. He stops halfway down,
      looks back the way he came. HARRY'S SHADOW scales the
      wall as he approaches. Draco watches calmly, then turns,
      CLOSES HIS EYES. And simply... DISAPPEARS.

      Harry turns the corner.    Stops.   No one.


94    INT. ROOM OF REQUIREMENT - DAY (SECONDS LATER)                 94

      Draco wends his way through the towering shelves, removes
      the tapestry and faces the gleaming cabinet. He reaches
      into his coat and carefully removes the WHITE BIRD.
      Holding it in one hand, he studies it, gently stroking
      its feathers with the other. For a moment, he seems lost
      in the activity, lost in the bird's coal black eyes, its
      bobbing head. Then, gently, he places it in the cabinet
      and closes the door. Waits.

      When he opens the cabinet, the bird is gone.   He closes
      the cabinet once more.
                                                        (CONTINUED)

   91.
94    CONTINUED:                                                    94
      A feather, white and gleaming, clings to the cuff of his
      jacket. He takes it, turns it in the light. It is
      fragile, translucent. He looks briefly lost again, then
      blinks, turns back to the cabinet, slowly reaches out and
      opens it. The bird is there.

      Dead.


95    INT. COMMON ROOM - NIGHT                                      95

      Hermione does her homework while Harry peers at the
      Marauder's Map. They are the only ones present.

                              HERMIONE
                Did you actually expect you could
                just walk up to Ol' Sluggy and ask
                him to reveal his deepest, darkest
                secret? Honestly, Harry,
                sometimes I think the Daily
                Prophet should call you the Dim
                One.

                                 HARRY
                Nice.

                              HERMIONE
                     (rising to go)
                You're going to have to persuade
                him somehow. And now, I'm afraid,
                you've made it a lot harder.

                              HARRY
                Hermione. I think Malfoy's
                leaving the castle.
      Hermione stops dead, looks back at Harry.    He nods.

                              HARRY
                I've seen it. Sometimes...
                sometimes he just disappears off
                the Map.

                              HERMIONE
                That's... not possible. No one
                can leave the castle these days.
                The Map is wrong.

                              HARRY
                The Map is never wrong.

      Hermione frowns, thinking, then shakes her head, turns
      away.

     HARRY POTTER... HALF-BLOOD PRINCE - Rev. 11/6/07       92.


96    INT. BOYS' DORMITORY (GRYFFINDOR TOWER) - NIGHT (LATER)     96

      Harry slumps into the darkened dormitory. Stops. On the
      floor, glittering in the moonlight, is a trail of CANDY
      FOILS. A bit further along, Ron sits in his PJ's upon
      the window sill, a HEART-SHAPED BOX by his side.

                                RON
                  It's beautiful, isn't it?   The
                  moon.

                                HARRY
                  Divine. Had ourselves a little
                  late-night snack, did we?

                                RON
                  It was on your bed. The box.
                  Thought I'd try one...

                                  HARRY
                  Or twenty.

                                RON
                  I can't stop thinking about her,
                  Harry.

                                HARRY
                  Really? Honestly, I reckoned she
                  was starting to annoy you.

                                RON
                  She could never annoy me. I
                  think... I think I love her.

                                  HARRY
                  Excuse me?
      Ron nods.   Harry looks bewildered.

                                HARRY
                  Well... Brilliant.

                                RON
                  Do you think she knows I exist?

                                HARRY
                  Bloody well hope so. She's been
                  snogging you for three months.

                                  RON
                  Snogging?    Who're you talking
                  about?

                                HARRY
                  Who're you talking about?
                                                        (CONTINUED)

  93.
96    CONTINUED:                                                   96
                              RON
                Romilda, of course.    Romilda Vane.

      Harry stares at Ron... then grins.

                               HARRY
                Okay.   Very funny.

      He turns to his bed, throws back the covers when... the
      heart-shaped box caroms off his head.

                              HARRY
                What the hell was that for?
                                 RON
                It's no joke!     I'm in love with
                her!
                             HARRY
                Okay! Fine! You're in love with
                her! Have you ever actually met
                her!

                               RON
                No.   Can you introduce me?

      Harry stops rubbing his head, eyes Ron oddly, then
      glances at the candy box at his feet. There is an
      envelope. Taking it, he slides out a card: "Dear Harry.
      Thinking sweet thoughts of you. Happy Valentine's Day.
      Romilda." He suppresses a smile.

                              HARRY
                Ron, these chocolates, they're --
                C'mon. I'm going to introduce you
                to Romilda Vane.

97    INT. CORRIDOR - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER)                        97

      Harry leads Ron, still in his PJs, toward a door.

                                 RON
                How do I look?

                              HARRY
                Devastatingly handsome.

      Harry RAPS on the door.    FOOTSTEPS -- followed by a LOUD
      CRASH.

                                 SLUGHORN (O.S.)
                Damn it all!


                                                        (CONTINUED)

  94.
97    CONTINUED:                                                   97
      The door OPENS. Slughorn stands in a GREEN VELVET
      DRESSING GOWN and matching NIGHTCAP, looking bleary-eyed
      and annoyed. Something SMOKES on the floor behind him --
      the FLOOR LAMP he'd sent wobbling the night of the dinner
      party.

                              SLUGHORN
                Yes???!!!!
                     (warily)
                Oh. Potter. It's you. I'm
                afraid I'm busy at the moment --

      He starts to close the door.   Harry sticks his foot in.

                              HARRY
                Sir. I'm sorry. I wouldn't
                bother you if it weren't
                absolutely --

                              RON
                Where's Romilda?

      Slughorn squints over Harry's shoulder at Ron who is
      doing precisely the same from the other side.

                              SLUGHORN
                What's the matter with Wenby?

      Harry leans forward, WHISPERS into Slughorn's ear.   He
      frowns.

                               SLUGHORN
                Ah.   Very well. Bring him in.


98    INT. SLUGHORN'S OFFICE - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER)               98
      Slughorn, with practiced ease, mixes a concoction of
      powders and potions into a goblet while Ron peers into a
      mirror. As he paces, Harry passes "the shelf" and finds,
      front and center, a PHOTOGRAPH of himself and Slughorn --
      the one taken at the Christmas party. In deep b.g. is
      photograph of Snape, as a young student, clutching his
      POTIONS TEXTBOOK.

                              SLUGHORN
                I'd have thought you could whip up
                a remedy for this in no time,
                Harry -- an expert potioneer like
                you.

                              HARRY
                I figured this called for a more
                practiced hand, sir.

                                                        (CONTINUED)

  95.
98    CONTINUED:                                                   98
                              RON
                Hello, darling. Fancy a drink?

      Slughorn and Harry turn, watch Ron WINK into the mirror.

                               SLUGHORN
                Hm.   Perhaps you're right.

      As Slughorn goes back to mixing, Harry eyes him
      furtively.

                              HARRY
                I'm sorry, sir. About the other
                day. Our... misunderstanding.

      Slughorn eyes Harry briefly, looks away.
                              SLUGHORN
                Yes, well, water under the bridge
                as they say, correct?

                              HARRY
                I mean, I'm sure you're tired of
                it, after all these years. The
                questions. About... Voldemort.

      Slughorn's mixing hand falters instantly.

                              SLUGHORN
                I'll ask you not to use that name.

      Slughorn's stare is fierce. Finally, he turns, goblet in
      hand, and puts a smile on his face, his voice cheery.

                              HARRY
                Yes, sir. It's just, well,
                Dumbledore once said that fear of
                a name only increases fear of the
                thing itself. It seemed sensible.

                              SLUGHORN
                With all due respect, Dumbledore
                sometimes forgets that most of us
                do not possess powers so great
                that we can risk offending the
                most dangerous Dark Lord who ever
                lived.

      Slughorn's stare is fierce, as fierce as the one
      Dumbledore fixed Harry with. Finally, he turns away.

                              SLUGHORN
                Alright, m'boy! Bottoms up!


                                                        (CONTINUED)

     HARRY POTTER... HALF-BLOOD PRINCE - Rev. 11/6/07      95A.
98     CONTINUED: (2)                                             98
                                RON
                 What's this?




                                                        (CONTINUED)

    96.
98    CONTINUED: (3)                                                 98
                              SLUGHORN
                A tonic for the nerves.

      Ron drinks.   Beams briefly.   Then his grin sags.

                              RON
                What happened to me?

                                 HARRY
                Love potion.

                              SLUGHORN
                And a bloody strong one at that.

                              RON
                I feel really... bad.
                              SLUGHORN
                Pick-me-up's what you need, m'boy.
                     (eying Harry again)
                Do us all good, I think. I've got
                butterbeer, wine -- ah -- and a
                dazzling oak-matured mead. I had
                other intentions for this but
                given the circumstances...

      Slughorn takes a STOUT BOTTLE and fills a glass for Ron.
      As Ron SIPS, Slughorn fills a pair for he and Harry.

                              SLUGHORN
                There we are, Potter. To life!

      CRASH! -- Ron's glass hits the floor and he crumples to
      his knees, then tumbles full out on the rug, SPASMING
      horribly, FOAM oozing over his lips. Harry rushes to
      him.
                                HARRY
                Ron!            Professor, help him!
                       Ron!!!
                              SLUGHORN
                I d-don't understand --

                               HARRY
                Professor!   Do something!!

      Slughorn shuffles haplessly through his bag, MUMBLING, at
      a loss. Harry turns back to Ron -- his skin is turning
      BLUE.

                                 HARRY
                He's choking!!



                                                           (CONTINUED)

    97.
98    CONTINUED: (4)                                                 98
      Harry glances about, then leaps up, and frantically
      begins to strip the walls of its potion stores, looking
      for something, anything. A box tumbles, something
      spills: a scattering of stones, no bigger than a robin's
      egg, shriveled and dry. Snatching one, he wrenches open
      Ron's jaw and THRUSTS it deep into his THROAT. Instantly
      Ron stops moving, paralyzed. The room is suddenly
      silent. He's not breathing. Harry places both hands
      behind Ron's head and gives it a SHAKE. Another.

                             HARRY
                Breathe! C'mon, Ron, don't be a
                prat. Breathe! BREATHE!

      Harry shakes him again and again... then stops. Ron's
      head rolls limply from his fingers. Slughorn looks on,
      mouth agape. Useless. Then... A COUGH, a great
      hiccupping COUGH -- like a swimmer almost drowned -- and
      Ron is back. Breathing.

                              RON
                These girls are gonna kill me,
                Harry.

      Harry grins.    Then Ron's eyes flutter.    Out.   But
      breathing.


99    INT. HOSPITAL WING - EARLY MORNING (LATER)                     99

      Harry, Dumbledore, Snape, McGonagall, Ginny and a very
      somber Hermione circle Ron's bed as MADAM POMFREY
      ministers to him. Slughorn sits off to the side, in a
      chair, looking stunned.

                              DUMBLEDORE
                Quick thinking on your part,
                Harry. Using a Bezoar. You must
                be very proud of your student, eh,
                Horace?

                                 SLUGHORN
                Hm?    Oh.   Yes... very proud.

                              PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
                I think we all agree that Mr.
                Potter's actions were heroic. The
                question is: Why were they
                necessary.

                                 DUMBLEDORE
                Why indeed.

      Dumbledore takes the half-empty bottle of mead, still
      bearing a bit of GIFTWRAP.
                                                           (CONTINUED)

   98.
99    CONTINUED:                                                    99
                              DUMBLEDORE
                This appears to be a gift, Horace.
                You don't by chance remember who
                gave you this bottle, do you --
                which by the way possesses
                remarkably subtle hints of
                licorice and cherry when not
                polluted with poison.

                              SLUGHORN
                Actually I had intended to give it
                as a gift myself.

                              DUMBLEDORE
                To whom might I ask?

                              SLUGHORN
                You, Headmaster.

      Just then -- the DOOR BURSTS OPEN:    Lavender Brown.

                              LAVENDER BROWN
                Where is he? Where's my Won-Won!
                Has he been asking for me?
                     (stopping; glaring
                      daggers)
                What's she doing here?

                              HERMIONE
                I might ask you the same.

                              LAVENDER BROWN
                I happen to be his girlfriend.

                              HERMIONE
                I happen to be his... friend.
                              LAVENDER BROWN
                Don't make me laugh. You haven't
                spoken in weeks. I suppose you
                want to make up with him now that
                he's suddenly all interesting.

                              HERMIONE
                He's been poisoned, you daft
                dimbo! And for the record, I've
                always found him interesting.
      Hermione frowns, a bit embarrassed.   Ron SNORTS,
      stirring.

                              LAVENDER BROWN
                Ha! See? He senses my presence.
                I'm here, Won-Won. I'm here --

                                                          (CONTINUED)

      HARRY POTTER... HALF-BLOOD PRINCE - Rev. 11/6/07       99.
99     CONTINUED: (2)                                              99
                               RON
                 Er... My... Nee... Er!    My!   Nee!
       Ron, in a haze, reaches out blindly. Blushing, Hermione
       takes his hand. Instantly, he falls unconscious again.
       Lavender, vibrating with rage, stalks out. Dumbledore
       beams.

                               DUMBLEDORE
                 Ah, to be young and feel love's
                 keen sting. Come, everyone, I
                 think Mr. Weasley is well tended.

       As Dumbledore leads the others past Harry, Harry studies
       him. Ginny passes, face very close, WHISPERING as she
       indicates Ron and Hermione.
                               GINNY
                 `Bout time, don't you think?

       Harry watches her go, hopelessly smitten, sees that
       Slughorn has paused in the doorway.

                               SLUGHORN
                 I've always cherished my students.
                 They're my life...

       Then he is gone too. Harry turns back, studies Hermione,
       hand enfolded over Ron's. She looks up, sees his faint
       smile.

                                HERMIONE
                 Oh shut up.


100    INT. GREAT HALL - DAY                                       100
       Harry spoons soup into his mouth while perusing the Half-
       Blood Prince's Potion book, his eyes lingering, as
       before, over the SECTUMSEMPRA SPELL: "For Enemies." Ron
       absently twirls his wand as he covertly eyes Lavender.
       Hermione frowns over the Prophet when... a snowflake
       falls upon her nose.

                                HERMIONE
                 Ron. Stop.    You're making it
                 snow.

                                RON
                 Huh?

       Ron looks up, sees that it is SNOWING exclusively over
       the trio. Hermione places her hand atop his wand and he
       blinks, as if the gesture kindles some sense-memory.

                                                         (CONTINUED)

      HARRY POTTER... HALF-BLOOD PRINCE - Rev. 11/6/07       100.
100     CONTINUED:                                               100
                                RON
                  Tell me again how I broke up with
                  Lavender?

        Harry pauses on his soup, exchanges a glance with
        Hermione, who carefully withdraws her hand from Ron's.

                                HERMIONE
                  Um, well, she came to visit you in
                  the hospital, you see, and you
                  talked -- I don't believe it was a
                  long conversation --

                                RON
                  Don't get me wrong. I'm bloody
                  thrilled to be shot of her. It's
                  just she seems... a bit put out.
        As one, the three glance over at Lavender and are
        rewarded with a lethal squint.

                                HERMIONE
                  Does, doesn't she? And you say
                  you don't remember a thing from
                  that night? Not one thing?

                                RON
                  Well... there is... something.
                       (as Hermione hangs)
                  But no. It can't be. Besides, I
                  was completely boggled, wasn't I?

                                 HERMIONE
                  Right.   Boggled...

        Hermione slumps back, frowning. Harry smiles with
        amusement. Just then, a MILD COMMOTION draws his
        attention. At the back of the Hall, a group of girls
        surrounds a new arrival.

                                  HERMIONE
                  That's Katie.    That's Katie Bell.

        Katie Bell, pale but smiling, greets the other girls.
        After a moment, she looks up. Finds Harry standing
        before her.

                                HARRY
                  How are you, Katie?

                                KATIE BELL
                  Give me a moment, girls.

        The girls drift off.   Harry watches them go, curious,
        then:
                                                         (CONTINUED)

   101.
100     CONTINUED: (2)                                            100
                                KATIE BELL
                  I know you're going to ask, Harry.
                  But I don't know who cursed me.
                  I've tried to remember. Honestly.
                  But I just... can't...

        Katie's eyes shift. She goes ashen. Harry turns,
        follows her gaze and finds... Malfoy, staring at her.
        Katie backs away, retreating to the other girls. Harry
        watches her go, then looks back. Catches Malfoy fleeing
        the Hall.


101     INT. CORRIDOR - DAY (MOMENTS LATER)                       101

        Malfoy hurtles past, forehead gleaming with sweat, passes
        OUT OF FRAME. Seconds later, Harry appears, follows. As
        he passes the birdcage... we HOLD. It's now EMPTY.


102     OMITTED                                                   102


103     INT. BATHROOM - SAME TIME - DAY                           103

        Malfoy lurches to the mirror, steadies himself against
        the sink. Then, with a great, heaving shudder begins
        to... CRY.

        In the MIRROR, we see the bathroom DOOR ease open:
        Harry. He stops, stunned. Malfoy's eyes shift.
        Horrified to be exposed. He wheels, points his wand.
        WHOOSH! The LAMP next to Harry's head SHATTERS. FLAMES
        spider up the ceiling.

        Harry draws his own wand, fires back. The CISTERN behind
        Malfoy EXPLODES and WATER sweeps the ceiling, rains down.
        Malfoy HOWLS with RAGE. Harry readies himself.

                                  MALFOY
                  Cruci--
                                  HARRY
                  SECTUMSEMPRA!
        BLOOD SPURTS from Malfoy's face and   SCARLET SLASHES OOZE
        through the white of his shirt. He    staggers, HOWLS again
        and COLLAPSES. Harry glares at his    wand in horror, then
        slushes across the floor, the water   running red with
        Malfoy's blood.




                                                          (CONTINUED)

      HARRY POTTER... HALF-BLOOD PRINCE - Rev. 11/6/07      102.
103     CONTINUED:                                              103
                                MALFOY
                  Don't touch me! Don't you dare
                  touch me!
        Harry stops dead... transfixed by a FLASH of SOMETHING
        DARK pushing through the wet fabric of Malfoy's
        shirtsleeve. Just then... Snape BURSTS THROUGH THE DOOR.
        Seeing Malfoy -- and the nature of his injuries -- he
        eyes Harry with keen curiosity. Kneeling, he traces the
        TIP of his WAND over Malfoy's wounds, MURMURING an EERIE
        INCANTATION. Instantly, the skin begins to knit itself
        together. Harry backs away, Snape's ancient CHANT
        ringing in his ears, blood floating like crimson flowers
        on the floor, backing away until he reaches the door...


104     INT. COMMON ROOM - DAY                                    104
        Harry sits numbly, the Potions textbook lying limp in his
        hand. Hermione, Ron and Ginny sit together, a bit apart,
        keeping a kind of vigil. Finally, Ginny rises, steps to
        him.

                                GINNY
                  You have to get rid of it.   Today.


105     INT. SEVENTH FLOOR CORRIDOR - DAY (LATER)                 105

        Harry, Potions book in hand, follows Ginny past the empty        
        birdcage and down the corridor when she pauses, turns to         
        the wall and shuts her eyes.

                                  GINNY
                  Take my hand.

106     INT. ROOM 0F REQUIREMENT - DAY (SECONDS LATER)            106

        Ginny and Harry materialize.

                                HARRY
                  The Room of Requirement...

        Ginny nods, turns away.   Harry follows.


        NEW ANGLE - SECONDS LATER

        Harry eyes the shelves that tower above him and the odd
        things they hold: a SMALL CAGE bearing the SKELETON of
        some long-dead creature. A JAR of QUIVERING EYEBALLS
        which track him as he passes.


                                                         (CONTINUED)

    103.
106     CONTINUED:                                                 106
                                GINNY
                  Over the years, if someone had a
                  secret, if they wanted to conceal
                  something, this is where they
                  came. Some of these things are
                  almost as old as the castle
                  itself.

                                HARRY
                  Who showed you this?   First.

                                GINNY
                  Fred and George. First year. I
                  hid Tom Riddle's diary here for a
                  time. Wish I'd left it...

        As Ginny drifts in the memory, Harry studies her, then a
        SCUFFLING SOUND is heard nearby. They turn, look off.

                                 GINNY/HARRY
                       (at the same time)
                  What was that?

        They turn back, look at each other.    Ginny smiles.   Then:


        NEW ANGLE - BEHIND VANISHING CABINET

        Harry and Ginny approach. The SCUFFLING GROWS LOUDER.
        Harry reaches out, pulls aside the tapestry. Reacts.
        The cabinet door VIBRATES. Slowly, he opens it and...

        ... the BLACK BIRD flies free in a rush of FLAPPING
        wings.

                                GINNY
                  See, you never know what you'll
                  find up here.

        Harry nods, looks back to the cabinet, mystified.

                                GINNY
                  All right. Close your eyes.     That
                  way you can't be tempted.

        Ginny slips the book from his fingers and starts to back
        away. She mouths: Close... your... eyes. As she leaves
        FRAME, CAMERA PUSHES EVER-SO-SLOWLY IN ON Harry. Still.
        Waiting. For a long moment, there is only silence. Then
        a shadow gently eclipses Harry's face.

                                GINNY
                  There's something else. Another
                  secret of sorts. One of mine...

                                                          (CONTINUED)

    104.
106     CONTINUED: (2)                                             106
        Ginny leans in then and places her mouth on Harry's.

                                GINNY
                  That can stay hidden up here too,
                  if you like.

        Harry opens his eyes, watches Ginny back away, then
        disappear around the corner. He stares at the empty air,
        blinking, then watches the black bird flutter overhead.


107     INT. CORRIDOR - LATE AFTERNOON (LATER)                     107

        Harry, looking a tad dazed, walks aimlessly.

                                 RON (O.S.)
                  So.   Did you and Ginny do it?
        Harry jumps, watches Ron appear.

                                   HARRY
                  What?

                                   RON
                  You know.     Hide the book.

                                   HARRY
                  Oh.   Yeah.

        Just then, Slughorn rounds the far end of the corridor
        and -- spying Harry -- does a little Oliver Hardy "Oops"
        and retreats.

                                RON
                  Still no luck with Slughorn, I
                  take it?
        Harry shakes his head -- then stops cold, stares at the
        empty space where Slughorn stood moments before.

                                HARRY
                  Say that again.


108     INT. COMMON ROOM - DUSK                                    108

        The tiny VIAL of FELIX FELICIS glimmers in Harry's palm
        as he and Ron and Hermione huddle in the empty dormitory.
        They exchange glances, then Harry brings the vial to his
        lips.

                                 HERMIONE
                  Well?   How do you feel?


                                                         (CONTINUED)

   105.
108     CONTINUED:                                                108
                                 HARRY
                  Excellent.   Really excellent.

                                HERMIONE
                  Now remember. Slughorn usually
                  eats early, takes a short walk and
                  then returns to his office.

                               HARRY
                  Right. I'm going down to
                  Hagrid's.

                                HERMIONE
                  What? No, Harry -- you've got to
                  go see Slughorn. We have a plan --

                                HARRY
                  No. I've got a good feeling about
                  going to Hagrid's. I feel like
                  it's the place to be tonight, know
                  what I mean?

                                 HERMIONE/RON
                  No.

                                HARRY
                  Trust me. I know what I'm doing.
                  Or at least Felix does.

109     INT. CORRIDOR - DUSK (MOMENTS LATER)                      109

        A BOY with a PREFECT'S BADGE patrols the corridor.
        Bored, he ponders the progress of his FAINT MUSTACHE in a
        mirror. Harry walks by, unseen.

110     INT. ENTRANCE HALL - DUSK (MOMENTS LATER)                 110

        Filch paces, standing guard while Mrs. Norris sits calmly
        by. A MOUSE appears in the OPEN helmet of a SUIT OF
        ARMOR, washes its face with its tiny paws, then spies
        Mrs. Norris -- who HISSES. The mouse makes a quick
        retreat and the FACE PLATE comes CLANGING down. As Filch
        wheels, Harry strolls past.


111     EXT. GROUNDS/HOGWARTS CASTLE - DUSK (MOMENTS LATER)       111

        TWO AURORS, twin SILHOUETTES, patrol the grounds. Harry
        approaches, about to intersect their paths when, at the
        last second, something on the ground catches his eye. He
        KNEELS, considers a BEETLE on its back, legs churning
        helplessly. Harry extends his finger, letting the tiny
        bug gain purchase, then tips it upright...
                                                         (CONTINUED)

    HARRY POTTER... HALF-BLOOD PRINCE - Rev. 11/6/07      105A.
111    CONTINUED:                                              111
       ...just as the Aurors' SHADOWS quiver over him and
       vanish. Rising, Harry starts off in one direction, then
       stops, as if compelled by some inner voice, and heads the
       opposite way.

      HARRY POTTER... HALF-BLOOD PRINCE - Rev. 11/6/07      106.


112     EXT. GREENHOUSE - DUSK (MOMENTS LATER)                     112

        Harry HUMS placidly. Up ahead, a FIGURE ripples beyond
        the steamy panes of the Greenhouse. It's Slughorn,
        hunched over a PLANT whose TENDRILS coil eerily,
        resisting his attentions. Snip! He stealthily removes a
        sprig, looks up and JUMPS.

                                SLUGHORN
                  Merlin's beard, Harry!

                                HARRY
                  Sorry, sir. I should've announced
                  myself. Cleared my throat.
                  Coughed. You probably feared I
                  was Madam Sprout.
                                SLUGHORN
                  Well, yes, actually --
                       (paranoid)
                  Why would you think that?

                                HARRY
                  Just the general behavior, sir.
                  The sneaking around. The jumping
                  when you saw me. By the way,
                  those Tentacula leaves -- they're
                  quite valuable, aren't they?

                                SLUGHORN
                  Ten galleons a leaf to the right
                  buyer -- not that I'm familiar
                  with such back alley transactions.
                  One hears rumors is all. My own
                  interests are purely academic, of
                  course.
                                HARRY
                  Personally, these plants have
                  always kind of freaked me out.

        Harry gives a little SHIVER of the shoulders, smiles.
        Slughorn cocks his head, studies him oddly.

                                 SLUGHORN
                  Exactly how did you get out of the
                  castle, Harry?

                                HARRY
                  Through the front doors, sir. I'm
                  off to Hagrid's, you see. He's a
                  very dear friend and I felt like
                  paying him a visit. So if you
                  don't mind, I'll be going.

                                                         (CONTINUED)

      HARRY POTTER... HALF-BLOOD PRINCE - Rev. 11/6/07       107.
112     CONTINUED:                                               112
                                SLUGHORN
                  Harry!

                                HARRY
                  Sir?

                                SLUGHORN
                  It's nearly nightfall. Surely you
                  realize I can't allow you to roam
                  the grounds all by yourself.

                                HARRY
                  Well, then by all means come
                  along, sir.


113     EXT. HAGRID'S HUT - DUSK (MOMENTS LATER)                 113
        Harry appears over a rise, strolling happily along...
        when Slughorn appears, huffing and puffing to keep up.

                                SLUGHORN
                  Harry, I must insist you accompany
                  me back to the castle immediately!

                                HARRY
                  That would be counterproductive,
                  sir.

                                SLUGHORN
                  And what makes you say that?

                                HARRY
                  No idea.

        Slughorn frowns impatiently -- then stops, blinks.
                                SLUGHORN
                  Merlin's beard...

        Up ahead, Hagrid sits disconsolately upon a stump.
        Nearby, Aragog's massive body lies legs up.

                                SLUGHORN
                  Is that an actual Acromantula?

                                HARRY
                  A dead one, I think, sir.


        NEW ANGLE - SECONDS LATER

        Harry and Slughorn approach a sullen Hagrid.


                                                         (CONTINUED)

     108.
113     CONTINUED:                                                  113
                                 HAGRID
                  `Arry.   `Orace.

                                SLUGHORN
                  My god, dear man. How did you
                  ever manage to kill it?

                                 HAGRID
                  Kill `im!   Me oldest friend, `e
                  was!

                                SLUGHORN
                  I'm sorry, I... (didn't realize.)                        

        Slughorn falters helplessly.   Hagrid waves his hand.

                                HAGRID
                  Ah, don' worry yerself. Yer not
                  alone. Seriously misunderstood
                  creatures -- spiders. It's the
                  eyes, I reckon. Unnerve people.

                                HARRY
                  Not to mention the pincers.

        Harry makes a little claw motion with his hand, while
        making a CLICKING sound. Hagrid eyes Harry curiously.

                                HAGRID
                  I reckon that too... How'd yeh get
                  outta the castle anyways?

                                HARRY
                  Through the front doors.

                                SLUGHORN
                  Hagrid. I wouldn't want to be
                  indelicate, but Acromantula venom
                  is uncommonly rare and, well, if
                  you wouldn't mind my extracting a
                  vial or two -- purely for academic
                  pursuits...

                                HAGRID
                  Don' suppose it's doin' `im any
                  good, izzit?

                                SLUGHORN
                  My thoughts exactly! Always carry
                  a few spare ampoules for just such
                  occasions. Old Potion Master's
                  habit, you know...



                                                         (CONTINUED)

    HARRY POTTER... HALF-BLOOD PRINCE - Rev. 11/6/07      108A.
113    CONTINUED: (2)                                          113
       Slughorn rummages about his pockets, extracts some SMALL
       VIALS -- all empty save for one containing a HAIRY WORM --
       then scrambles up close to Aragog. Harry and Hagrid
       watch.

                                HAGRID
                 Wish yeh coulda seen `im in `is
                 prime. Magnificent `e was. Jus'
                 magnificent...

       Hagrid BLINKS wildly, then takes out a handkerchief and
       SNORTS LOUDLY into it. Slughorn looks up, studies
       Hagrid's sorry expression with empathy and steps away.

                               SLUGHORN
                 Why don't I say a few words?   I
                 trust he had family?
                               HARRY
                 Oh yeah.

                               SLUGHORN
                      (clearing his throat)
                 Farewell...

       Slughorn frowns.

                               HAGRID
                 Aragog.

                               SLUGHORN
                      (a nod)
                 Farewell, Aragog, king of
                 arachnids. Though your body will
                 decay, your spirit lingers on in
                 the quiet, web-spun places of your
                 Forest home. May your many-eyed
                 descendents ever flourish and your
                 human friends find solace for the
                 loss they have sustained.

                               HAGRID
                 Tha' was... tha' was... beautiful.

       Hagrid wipes his eyes, then rises. He walks to Aragog,
       studies him lovingly, then puts a shoulder to the big
       beast's body... and sends him tumbling into the freshly-
       dug grave adjacent with a SICKENING THUNK.

                               HAGRID/SLUGHORN (O.S.)
                      (singing)
                 And Odo the hero, they bore him
                 back home...

   109.


114     INT. HAGRID'S HUT - NIGHT (HOURS LATER)                      114

        Harry, Hagrid and Slughorn sit at the massive kitchen
        table, which is strewn with EMPTY WINE BOTTLES. Hagrid
        and Slughorn are feeling no pain, while Harry looks clear-
        eyed, focused.

                                HAGRID/SLUGHORN
                  To the place he'd known as a lad,
                  They laid him to rest with his hat
                  inside out and his wand snapped in
                  two, which was sad...
        As they finish, both men CHUCKLE. Hagrid tops off
        everyone's mug with a bit more wine. Harry brings his
        mug to his lap... then slyly pours it into the bucket at
        his feet.
                                HAGRID
                  I had `im from an egg, yeh know.
                  Tiny little thing he was when he
                  hatched. No bigger'n a Pekinese.

                                SLUGHORN
                  Sweet. I once had a fish.
                  Francis. Lovely little thing.
                  One day I came downstairs and he'd
                  vanished. Poof.

                                 HAGRID
                  Tha's odd.

                                SLUGHORN
                  Isn't it? That's life, I suppose.
                  One goes along and then... poof.
                                 HAGRID
                  Poof.

                                 HARRY
                  Poof.

        They all nod soberly.   Slughorn's eyes rise to the
        ceiling.

                                SLUGHORN
                  That's never unicorn hair, Hagrid?

        Hagrid looks up, reels a bit.     Nods.

                                SLUGHORN
                  But my dear chap, do you know how
                  much that's worth?


                                                         (CONTINUED)

   110.
114     CONTINUED:                                                114
                                HAGRID
                  No idea... no idea at all...

        Thunk! Hagrid's great shaggy head hits the table.
        Instantly, he is SNORING, so DEEPLY his MUG shimmies
        across the table. Slughorn smiles, regards Harry, who
        merely stares back. Slughorn averts his eyes. Suddenly
        nervous. A WIND rises outside. Windowpanes rattle.

                                SLUGHORN
                  It was a student who gave me
                  Francis. One spring afternoon I
                  discovered a bowl upon my desk
                  with a few inches of clear water.
                  There was a flower petal floating
                  upon the surface. As I watched,
                  the petal sank, but just before it
                  touched bottom... it transformed.
                  Into a wee fish. It was beautiful
                  magic, wondrous to behold. The
                  petal had come from a lily.

        Hearing "lily," Harry looks up.   Slughorn nods.

                                SLUGHORN
                  Your mother. The day I came
                  downstairs, the day I found the
                  bowl empty... was the day she...

        Slughorn falters, pain etching his face.

                                SLUGHORN
                  I know what you want. But I can't
                  give it to you. It will ruin
                  me...
        Harry studies Slughorn a moment, thinking, then speaks.

                                HARRY
                  Do you know why I survived?    The
                  night I got this.

        Slughorn looks up, sees Harry pointing to his scar.

                                HARRY
                  Because of her. Because she
                  sacrificed herself. Because she
                  refused to step aside. Because
                  her love was more powerful than
                  Voldemort.

                                SLUGHORN
                  Please don't say his --


                                                           (CONTINUED)

    111.
114     CONTINUED: (2)                                             114
                                HARRY
                  I'm not afraid of the name,
                  Professor. And I'm not afraid of
                  him. And you shouldn't be either.
                  She didn't just die for me that
                  night. She died for you too. She
                  died for everyone who's ever woken
                  in the middle of the night afraid
                  a Death Eater waited on their
                  doorstep.

        Slughorn gazes into the guttering candle before him.

                                HARRY
                  Professor. I'm going to tell you
                  something, something others have
                  only guessed at. It's true. I am
                  the Chosen One.

        Slughorn looks up.   Harry nods.

                                HARRY
                  Only I can kill him. But in order
                  to do so, I need to know what Tom
                  Riddle asked you that night in
                  your office all those years ago.
                  And I need to know what you told
                  him.

        Slughorn's eyes well with tears, his hands tremble.

                                HARRY
                  Be brave, Professor. Be brave
                  like my mother. Otherwise you
                  disgrace her. Otherwise she died
                  for nothing. Otherwise, the bowl
                  remains empty forever.

        Slughorn shakes his head, staring into the candle.
        Finally, slowly, he removes his wand.

                                SLUGHORN
                  Don't think too badly of me once
                  you've seen it. You don't know
                  what he was like... even then.

        Slughorn fishes out a tiny   vial -- the one with the WORM
        -- but his hand is shaking   so violently, Harry has to
        take it. Slowly, Slughorn    raises his wand, touches it to
        his temple and withdraws a   LONG, SILVER THREAD. Harry
        extends the vial and... it   drops within.

   112.


115     INT. DUMBLEDORE'S OFFICE - NIGHT                             115

        Dumbledore holds the vial in wonderment.   The worm hangs
        in eerie suspension.

                                 DUMBLEDORE
                  How is he?   Horace?

        Harry shrugs. Dumbledore nods, then tips his hand. A
        LONG strand hangs suspended like glass. A pearl forms...
        and as it hangs... Harry's eyes shift, notice a DRAWING
        on Dumbledore's desk, one of Tom Riddle's drawings seen
        at the orphanage, of the CAVE and the distinct
        OUTCROPPING. Then... the pearl drops.


116     FLASHBACK - INT. SLUGHORN'S OFFICE - NIGHT (YEARS PAST)      116
        As before. The CRACKLING EMBERS of the FIRE.     Slughorn,
        a circle of six. Riddle commanding the room.

                                TOM RIDDLE
                  Sir, is it true that Professor
                  Merrythought is retiring?

        Slughorn chuckles, wags a sugar-encrusted finger at
        Riddle.

                                 SLUGHORN
                  Now, Tom, I couldn't tell you if I
                  knew, could I? I must say, m'boy,
                  I'd like to know where you get
                  your information. More
                  knowledgable than half the staff,
                  you are.
                        (as the other boys
                         laugh)
                  By the way, thank you for the
                  pineapple -- you're quite right,
                  it is my favorite -- how is it you
                  knew?

                                 TOM RIDDLE
                  Intuition.

                                SLUGHORN
                       (an uneasy chuckle)
                  Good gracious, is it that time
                  already? Off you go, boys, or
                  Professor Dippett will have us all
                  in detention. Lestrange, Avery,
                  don't forget your essays...

        The others exit, when -- PING! -- Slughorn turns, eyes
        the hourglass, finds Tom Riddle still there.
                                                          (CONTINUED)

      HARRY POTTER... HALF-BLOOD PRINCE - Rev. 11/6/07      113.
116     CONTINUED:                                              116
                                SLUGHORN
                  Look sharp, Tom. You don't want
                  to be caught out of bed after
                  hours...

                                TOM RIDDLE
                  I know a secret shortcut or two.

                                SLUGHORN
                  Yes, I imagine you do.   Something
                  on your mind, Tom?

                                TOM RIDDLE
                  Yes, sir. I couldn't think of
                  anyone else to go to. The other
                  Professors, well, they're not like
                  you. They might... misunderstand.
                                SLUGHORN
                  Go on.

                                TOM RIDDLE
                  I was in the library the other
                  night, in the Restricted section,
                  and I read something rather odd,
                  about a bit of rare magic and I
                  thought perhaps you could
                  illuminate me. It's called, as I
                  understand it... a Horcrux.

        Slughorn's weak smile evaporates altogether.

                                SLUGHORN
                  Excuse me?

                                 TOM RIDDLE
                  Horcrux. I came across the term
                  while reading and I didn't fully
                  understand it.

                                SLUGHORN
                  I'm not sure what you were
                  reading, Tom, but that's very Dark
                  stuff, very Dark indeed.

                                TOM RIDDLE
                  Yes, sir. Which is why I came to
                  you. I mean no disrespect to the
                  rest of the staff, but I thought
                  if anyone could tell me... it
                  would be you.

        Slughorn frowns, clearly disturbed, then speaks quietly.


                                                         (CONTINUED)

      HARRY POTTER... HALF-BLOOD PRINCE - Rev. 11/6/07      114.
116     CONTINUED: (2)                                          116
                                SLUGHORN
                  A Horcrux is an object in which a
                  person has concealed part of their
                  soul.

                                TOM RIDDLE
                  Yes, I thought it might be
                  something like that. But I don't
                  understand how that works, sir.

                                SLUGHORN
                  One splits one's soul and hides
                  part of it in an object. By doing
                  so, you are protected should you
                  be attacked and your body
                  destroyed.
                                TOM RIDDLE
                  Protected?

                                SLUGHORN
                  That part of your soul that was
                  hidden, lives on. In other words,
                  you cannot die.

        Riddle nods and TURNS AWAY, staring at himself in the
        MIRROR on the wall opposite. A hint of RED glints in his
        eyes.

                                TOM RIDDLE
                  How does one split his soul, sir?

                                SLUGHORN
                  I think you can guess the answer
                  to that, Tom.
                                TOM RIDDLE
                  Murder.

                                SLUGHORN
                  Yes. Killing rips the soul apart.
                  It is a violation against nature.
                  After, one is never the same.

                                TOM RIDDLE
                  Out of curiosity, sir -- can you
                  only split your soul once? For
                  instance, isn't seven the most
                  powerfully magical number --

                                SLUGHORN
                  Seven! Merlin's beard, Tom!
                  Isn't it bad enough to think of
                  killing one person? To rip the
                  soul into seven pieces...
                                (MORE)
                                                         (CONTINUED)

      HARRY POTTER... HALF-BLOOD PRINCE - Rev. 11/6/07       115.
116     CONTINUED: (3)                                           116
                                 SLUGHORN (CONT'D)
                        (stopping; worried)
                   This is all hypothetical, isn't
                   it, Tom? All academic...

                                TOM RIDDLE
                  Of course, sir. And I promise
                  I'll not speak of our
                  conversation. It'll be our little
                  secret...

        Riddle reaches out then and pinches the FLAME of a
        candle, killing it. As SMOKE RISES, we --

                                                     DISSOLVE INTO:


117     INT. DUMBLEDORE'S OFFICE - SAME TIME - NIGHT (PRESENT)    117
        ... the surface of the Pensieve, where Riddle quivers.
        We RACK FOCUS and Dumbledore's troubled face bleeds
        through Riddle's.

                                HARRY
                  Sir --

        Dumbledore holds up his withered hand, silencing him,
        turns away. Harry studies him, waiting, the hush
        palpable.

                                DUMBLEDORE
                       (haunted)
                  This is beyond anything I
                  imagined. In my life I have seen
                  things that are unimaginably
                  horrific. I know now... you will
                  see worse.
        Dumbledore looks off, his eyes distant. Harry watches
        him intently, as do the HEADMASTERS in their frames
        above. Finally, tentatively, Harry speaks.

                                HARRY
                  Do you mean to say he succeeded,
                  sir? In making a Horcrux?

                                DUMBLEDORE
                  Oh he succeeded. And not just
                  once. Think, Harry. He's just
                  told us.

                                HARRY
                  Seven. He made seven -- the most
                  powerfully magical number. But...
                  what are they exactly?

                                                         (CONTINUED)

      HARRY POTTER... HALF-BLOOD PRINCE - Rev. 11/6/07      116.
117     CONTINUED:                                              117
                                DUMBLEDORE
                  They can be anything. The most
                  commonplace of objects. A ring,
                  for example. Or a book...

        Dumbledore slides open a drawer, removes the RING and Tom
        Riddle's battered DIARY.

                                HARRY
                  Tom Riddle's diary --

                                DUMBLEDORE
                  It's a Horcrux, yes. Four years
                  ago, when you saved Ginny
                  Weasley's life in the Chamber of
                  Secrets, when you brought me
                  this --
                       (holding up the
                        diary)
                  I knew. This was a different kind
                  of magic. Very dark. Very
                  powerful. But until tonight, I
                  had no idea just how powerful...

                                HARRY
                  And the ring...?

                                DUMBLEDORE
                  Belonged to Voldemort's mother.
                  It was difficult to find and...
                       (raising his damaged
                        hand)
                  ... even more difficult to
                  destroy.

                                HARRY
                  But if you could find them all.                       
                  If you did destroy each Horcrux...                    

                                DUMBLEDORE
                  One destroys Voldemort.

        Harry begins to reach out for the ring...

                                HARRY
                  But how would you find them? They                     
                  could be hidden anywhere, couldn't
                  they...

                               DUMBLEDORE
                  True. But magic, especially Dark
                  magic...



                                                         (CONTINUED)

      HARRY POTTER... HALF-BLOOD PRINCE - Rev. 11/6/07       117.
117     CONTINUED: (2)                                           117
        Just then, as the flash of Harry's fingers make contact
        with the ring, IMAGES FLASH by in DIZZYING succession:
        VOLDEMORT'S FACE, twisted in pain. A DERELICT HOUSE,
        deep in a haunted clearing. An ANCIENT CUP, gleaming as
        it tumbles from an old woman's hand. A SNAKE (NAGINI)
        slithering through damp grass. Dumbledore slipping the
        ring onto his finger, recoiling as his skin decays...

                                DUMBLEDORE
                  ... leaves traces.

        Harry's clenched hand SPASMS, RELEASES. The ring
        skitters across Dumbledore's desk and Harry brings a hand
        to his chest, a look of bewilderment on his face.
        Dumbledore watches the ring spin down, then glances at
        Harry and slowly extends his own hand, lightly touching
        the center of Harry's chest with the tips of ashen
        fingers, as if reading braille, as if he can somehow
        "see" into Harry's heart. Trepidation -- and recognition
        -- flicker over his face.

                                HARRY
                  It's where you've been going,
                  isn't it, sir? When you leave the
                  school.

        Harry's eyes drift once again to the postcard on the
        desk. Dumbledore withdraws his hand, nodding, still
        studying Harry oddly, his voice, when it comes, distant.

                                DUMBLEDORE
                  Yes. And I think... perhaps... I
                  may have found another. But this
                  time I cannot hope to destroy it
                  alone.
        Harry peers into Dumbledore's eyes.   Dumbledore nods.

                                DUMBLEDORE
                  Once again, I shall ask too much
                  of you.


118     INT./EXT. GARGOYLE CORRIDOR - LATE DAY                     118

        Harry stands at a window, looking out. He brings his
        fingers to his chest again when... Hermione comes up
        behind him.

                                 HERMIONE
                  Harry.   It's time.

   118.


119     INT./EXT. COURTYARD - LATE DAY (MOMENTS LATER)               119

        Harry, Hermione and Ron walk.

                                HARRY
                  Hermione, is the Room of
                  Requirement unplottable?

                                HERMIONE
                  If one wants it to be.     Why?

                                HARRY
                  It would explain why I thought
                  Malfoy was leaving the castle when
                  he disappeared off the Map.

                                HARRY
                  He was going to the Room of
                  Requirement.

                                HERMIONE
                  Of course, and that explains the
                  Vanishing Cabinet as well!

                               RON
                  No. I got an owl from Dad this                            
                  morning. The one at Borgin &
                  Burke's? It's still there.

                                HARRY
                  But I'm telling you.   I saw it --

        Just then, the twins appear, pass.    Harry watches them, a
        thought forming.

                                HARRY
                  What if there are two?     Vanishing
                  cabinets.

                                HERMIONE
                  What if there are?

                                HARRY
                  I don't know...

        Harry watches the twins vanish around a corner.

                                RON
                  Good luck, mate.

        Harry turns back to Ron and Hermione, neither able to
        fully conceal heir concern. He smiles reassuringly,
        continues on.


                                                          (CONTINUED)

      HARRY POTTER... HALF-BLOOD PRINCE - Rev. 11/6/07      119.
119     CONTINUED:                                              119
                                HARRY
                  I don't need luck. I'll be with
                  Dumbledore.


120     EXT. ASTRONOMY TOWER - DYING LIGHT (LATER)                120

        As Harry trots up the spiraling exterior stairs, he hears
        VOICES coming from the topmost level and pauses, peering
        up through the grid-like floor above: Dumbledore and
        Snape.

                                SNAPE
                  Have you ever considered that you
                  ask too much? That you take too
                  much for granted? Has it ever
                  crossed your brilliant mind that I
                  don't want to do this anymore?

                                DUMBLEDORE
                  Whether it has or hasn't is
                  irrelevant. I will not negotiate
                  this with you, Severus. You
                  agreed. There's nothing more to
                  discuss.

        Harry stands poised, peering upward, where Dumbledore
        squints toward the dying sun and Snape glares at his
        back. Finally, Snape turns away and -- before Harry can
        react -- is descending the stairs. Seeing Harry, Snape
        falters briefly, then continues on without a word. As
        his FOOTSTEPS fade, Harry ascends to the upper tier.
        Dumbledore turns. Smiles.

                               DUMBLEDORE
                  Harry. You need a shave, my
                  friend.

        Harry runs his hand over his face.

                                 DUMBLEDORE
                  At times I forget how much you've
                  grown. At times I still see the
                  small boy from the cupboard.
                       (smiling)
                  Forgive my mawkishness, Harry. I
                  am an old man.

                                HARRY
                  You look the same to me, sir.

                                DUMBLEDORE
                  Like your mother, you are
                  unfailingly kind.
                                (MORE)
                                                         (CONTINUED)

   120.
120     CONTINUED:                                                120
                                 DUMBLEDORE (CONT'D)
                   A trait people never fail to
                   undervalue. I'm afraid.

        Dumbledore turns then, eyes the fiery sky again.

                                DUMBLEDORE
                  The place to which we journey
                  tonight is exceedingly dangerous,
                  Harry. I promised that you could
                  accompany me and I stand by that
                  promise. But there is a
                  condition: You must obey any
                  command I give you -- without
                  question.

                                 HARRY
                  Yes, sir.
                                DUMBLEDORE
                  Understand what I'm saying.
                  Should I tell you to hide, you
                  must hide.

        Harry nods.                                                       

                                DUMBLEDORE
                  Should I tell you to run, you will                      
                  run.

        Harry nods.                                                       

                                DUMBLEDORE
                  And should I tell you to abandon                        
                  me and save yourself...

        Harry's eyes rise, meet Dumbledore's.                             
                                DUMBLEDORE                                
                  You will do so.                                         

        Harry hesitates.

                                DUMBLEDORE
                  Your word, Harry.

        Harry debates this internally, then, finally, nods.               

                                 HARRY
                  My word.

                                 DUMBLEDORE
                  Take my arm.



                                                           (CONTINUED)

 120A.
120    CONTINUED: (2)                                            120
                               HARRY
                 Sir, I thought one couldn't
                 Apparate within Hogwarts.

                               DUMBLEDORE
                 Being me has its privileges.

       The WIND GUSTS and Harry reaches out.    Dumbledore's CLOAK
       BILLOWS and we are TOSSED INTO...


121    EXT. OCEAN - DUSK (MOMENTS LATER)                         121

       BLACK. Undulating. The sound of WAVES. We EASE UP, out
       of the ocean. A GIANT WAVE crashes over a jagged
       outcropping. As the SPRAY clears... Dumbledore and Harry
       are revealed. Dumbledore eyes the TOWERING CLIFF FACE
       opposite, the CAVE.

                               HARRY
                 It's there, isn't it?

      HARRY POTTER... HALF-BLOOD PRINCE - Rev. 11/6/07      121.


122     EXT. CAVE - SAME TIME - DUSK                               122

        Harry and Dumbledore materialize. It is quiet here,
        eerily so, the waves merely distant thunder. As Harry
        glances about, Dumbledore moves to an archway, passes
        beyond. Harry follows, finds Dumbledore standing below a
        towering dome of rock, probing its mysteries with the
        light from his wand.

                                DUMBLEDORE
                  This is the place. Oh yes, this
                  place has known magic.
                       (closing his eyes)
                  Where you stand, Harry, Tom Riddle
                  once stood many, many years ago,
                  when he was but a poor orphan boy
                  with a penchant for cruelty...
        Dumbledore's wand stops briefly in its arc and his face
        registers pain, as if detecting some past unpleasantry.
        He begins to TRACE HIS FINGERS over the surface of the
        rock.

                                DUMBLEDORE
                  One wintry afternoon, he lured two
                  younger classmates to this cave.
                  What happened is unclear. But
                  this much is known: the children
                  were damaged.

        Dumbledore begins to MURMUR in a STRANGE WHISPER as his
        fingers play over the rock... then stop. His eyes open.
        He takes a dagger from his robes and draws the blade
        across his forearm, speckling the rock face with scarlet
        beads.
                                HARRY
                  Sir!
        The rock face SIZZLES like acid and begins to crumble,
        forming a narrow opening.

                                DUMBLEDORE
                  In order to gain passage, payment
                  must be made, payment intended to
                  weaken any intruder.

                                HARRY
                  You should've let me, sir.

                                DUMBLEDORE
                  Oh, no, Harry. Your blood is much
                  more precious than mine.

    122.


123     EXT. ARCHWAY/UNDERGROUND LAKE - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER)         123

        Dumbledore and Harry emerge onto the rim of a VAST LAKE
        teeming with MIST. A chill hangs in the air.

                                 DUMBLEDORE
                  Careful.   The water.

        Harry peers into the lake.    It is black as ink.


        NEW ANGLE - MOMENTS LATER

        Harry follows Dumbledore around the rim of the lake.     In
        the center, a GREENISH GLOW shimmers in the mist.

                                DUMBLEDORE
                  It's there. The only question is
                  how do we get to it?

                                HARRY
                  We couldn't, perhaps, just try a
                  Summoning Charm, sir?

        Dumbledore smiles, motions:    Be my guest.   Harry lifts
        his wand.

                                   HARRY
                  Accio Horcrux!
        There is an EXPLOSION and something PALE erupts out of
        the water. Harry nearly sheds his skin. Dumbledore
        calmly watches it VANISH beneath the surface.

                                   DUMBLEDORE
                  Perhaps not.

        NEW ANGLE - MOMENTS LATER

        Dumbledore leads Harry on. Stops. Takes a step back.
        He CLOSES HIS EYES and to Harry's horror walks right to
        the lake's edge. As the dark water laps over the toes of
        his shoes, Dumbledore PASSES HIS HAND slowly through the
        air, then closes it... as if gripping something
        invisible. Taking his wand, he gives his CLENCHED FIST a
        TAP and a thick coppery-green CHAIN appears out of thin
        air, extending from the water to Dumbledore's hand.

                                DUMBLEDORE
                  If you would, Harry...

        Quickly Harry grasps the end of the chain and together he
        and Dumbledore pull, end over end, until the PROW of a
        SMALL BOAT pierces the surface, green with algae.
                                                            (CONTINUED)

   123.
123     CONTINUED:                                                123
        NEW ANGLE - MOMENTS LATER

        In eerie silence, the boat cleaves the water, ferrying
        Harry and Dumbledore toward the GREENISH GLOW.

                                HARRY
                  Sir... have you ever taken Felix
                  Felicis?
                                DUMBLEDORE
                  Only recreationally. You see, I
                  believe one creates one's own
                  luck.

        Harry looks down into the water, watches a FACE skim by
        beneath the surface.
                                HARRY
                  Professor... there are bodies in
                  this lake.

                                DUMBLEDORE
                  Yes.


        NEW ANGLE (SMALL ISLAND) - MOMENTS LATER

        Here the GREENISH GLOW is ferocious.   As the boat
        arrives, Dumbledore steps out.

                                DUMBLEDORE
                  Remember... the water.

        Harry nods, steps out carefully and joins Dumbledore at
        the source of the GLOW -- a BASIN filled with a
        PHOSPHORESCENT LIQUID. Dumbledore extends the tips of
        his blackened fingers toward the basin, but cannot touch
        the liquid.

                                HARRY
                  Do you think the Horcrux is in
                  there, sir?

                                DUMBLEDORE
                  Oh yes.

        Dumbledore steps back, ponders the basin. Notes the
        CRYSTAL GOBLET sitting beside it. Smiles ruefully.

                                DUMBLEDORE
                  It has to be drunk.
                       (as Harry reacts)
                  You remember the condition on
                  which I brought you with me?

                                                         (CONTINUED)

      HARRY POTTER... HALF-BLOOD PRINCE - Rev. 11/6/07      124.
123     CONTINUED: (2)                                          123
        Harry starts to respond.    Stops.   Nods.

                                DUMBLEDORE
                  This potion might paralyze me. It
                  might cause me to forget why I'm
                  here. It might create so much
                  pain I beg for relief. You are
                  not to indulge these requests,
                  Harry. It is your job to make
                  sure I keep drinking this potion
                  even if you have to force it down
                  my throat. Understood?

                                HARRY
                  Why can't I drink it, sir?

                                DUMBLEDORE
                  Because I am much older, much
                  cleverer... and much less
                  valuable.
                       (taking the goblet)
                  Your good health, Harry.

        Dumbledore dips the goblet into the gleaming liquid and
        brings it to his lips. Drinks deep. Closes his eyes.

                                   HARRY
                  Professor?

        Dumbledore shakes his head, silencing Harry, then dips
        the goblet once more. Twice more he drinks. His hand
        TREMBLES and he grips the side of the basin.

                                  HARRY
                  Professor?    Can you hear me?
        Dumbledore says nothing. The corners of his eyes TWITCH.
        His hand TREMBLES, savagely this time, and he nearly
        drops the goblet. Harry reaches out, steadies his hand.

                                DUMBLEDORE
                  Don't... don't make me...

        Harry eyes Dumbledore's anguished face, steels himself.

                                HARRY
                  You... you can't stop, Professor.
                  You've got to keep drinking. Like
                  you said. Remember.

                                   DUMBLEDORE
                  Nooooooo!!!



                                                         (CONTINUED)

     125.
123     CONTINUED: (3)                                              123
        Harry staggers back, so primal is Dumbledore's plea.
        Dumbledore's arm goes slack, the goblet clanging dully
        against the side of the basin. Harry takes a breath,
        steps forward, places his hand over Dumbledore's, lifts
        the cup.

                                DUMBLEDORE
                  Make it stop... Please... make it
                  stop...

                                HARRY
                  It will, sir. It'll stop.     But
                  only if you drink...

        Harry, his own hand TREMBLING now, tips the goblet over
        Dumbledore's lips.
                                  DUMBLEDORE
                  My fault.    It's all my fault...

        Harry brings the goblet up once more.      Dumbledore drinks.

                                DUMBLEDORE
                  Too much... I can't... take it...
                  I want... to die... kill... kill
                  me... KILL ME, HARRY!

                                  HARRY
                  What?

                                DUMBLEDORE
                  Your word, Harry! Your word!

                                  HARRY
                  No...
                                  DUMBLEDORE
                  KILL ME!    IT'S THE ONLY WAY!
        Harry stands paralyzed, unsure what to do. Then...
        Dumbledore collapses, rolls onto his back. Harry pelts
        forward, dips the goblet into the basin and kneels by
        Dumbledore.

                                HARRY
                  One more. Just one more. And
                  then -- I promise... I'll do what
                  you say.

        Dumbledore, jaw clinched shut, eyes Harry.

                                  HARRY
                  I promise.


                                                            (CONTINUED)

      HARRY POTTER... HALF-BLOOD PRINCE - Rev. 11/6/07      126.
123     CONTINUED: (4)                                          123
        Dumbledore's jaw relaxes and Harry pries open his mouth,
        tips the liquid down his throat. Pain ripples through
        Dumbledore's face. He tries to speak, Harry eyeing him
        with trepidation, fearful of what he will request. Again
        and again Dumbledore struggles and then... his eyes...
        open. Find Harry.

                                 DUMBLEDORE
                  Water.

        A shudder of relief goes through Harry. Grinning, he
        leaps to the basin. A GOLDEN LOCKET now lies at the
        bottom. Harry snatches it up.

                                 DUMBLEDORE
                  Water...
                                 HARRY
                  Aguamenti.
        Instantly COLD CLEAR WATER rises in the basin.

                                HARRY
                  You did it, sir. Look --

        Harry frowns.   The goblet is empty.

                                 DUMBLEDORE
                  Water!
        Harry dips the goblet into the basin yet again, brings it
        to Dumbledore's lips... but once again finds it empty.
        Dumbledore tries to speak, but his lips are CRACKING, his
        tongue like SAND. He GULPS DRILY for air.

                                HARRY
                  I'm trying, sir. I'm --

        Harry stops. All is silent... except for the SOFT
        LAPPING of the lake. He considers the GHOSTLY SHAPES
        gliding just below the surface. Deciding, he dips the
        goblet into the dark water. Instantly, the lake begins
        to CHURN. Harry backs away, the goblet sloshing in his
        hand. FACES, pale and haunted, quiver in the roiling
        water.

        Harry tips the water into Dumbledore's mouth. Dumbledore
        blinks. His tongue probes his lower lip. Harry returns
        to the water's edge, hesitates, then plunges the goblet
        into water once more. Instantly, a SLIMY WHITE HAND
        snags his wrist and Harry is pulled under. The goblet
        bobs on the surface.



                                                         (CONTINUED)

    127.
123     CONTINUED: (5)                                             123
        NEW ANGLE - UNDERWATER

        Utterly silent. Harry twists madly as HANDS reach for
        him, turning him this way and that. HAUNTED FACES float
        by.


        NEW ANGLE - THE SURFACE

        Harry breaks the surface, GASPING for air, blinking,
        catching a glimpse of Dumbledore slumped against the
        basin as he is...


        NEW ANGLE - UNDERWATER

        ... pulled underwater once again, into the eerie SILENCE
        of flailing arms. He shakes free again and again, but
        there are too many hands, too many haunted faces. We
        STAY UNDER a very long time, feel his lungs burning. His
        eyes lose their focus, turning blank. Bubbles trail out
        of his mouth as his face goes slack. He sinks deeper, in
        free fall, takes one last look at the SHIMMERING SURFACE
        ABOVE, the last thing he will see... when a SHADOW
        SHIVERS briefly and...

        ... the SURFACE SIZZLES with RED LIGHT, like blood, then
        becomes TRANSPARENT, revealing DUMBLEDORE, wand pointed
        directly at the water.


        NEW ANGLE - THE SURFACE

        Harry breaks the surface, SPITTING UP WATER, GASPING FOR
        AIR. Dumbledore staggers, slumps once more against the
        basin, weakened by his effort. Harry scrambles up,
        steadies him and the lake EXPLODES WITH FIRE. Harry
        wheels, watches the bodies in the lake twist in pain.

                                  DUMBLEDORE
                  Go...

        Harry turns, confused.    Dumbledore's hand finds his face.

                                DUMBLEDORE
                  We have to... go.

        Harry glances to the boat. Flames lick the prow,
        darkening the wood, but do not destroy it. He nods.

      HARRY POTTER... HALF-BLOOD PRINCE - Rev. 11/6/07      128.


124     EXT. CAVE - ENTRANCE                                       124

        Harry and Dumbledore emerge from the cave. Dumbledore,
        pale and weak, scans the stars wearily, leans heavily on
        Harry.

                                HARRY
                  Don't worry, sir. We're nearly
                  there.

                                DUMBLEDORE
                  I am not worried, Harry.    I am
                  with you.

        A CHOIR IN FULL VOICE RISES ON THE AIR and we --

                                                           CUT TO:

125     INT. GREAT HALL - SAME TIME - NIGHT                        125

        We HOLD ON the Gothic glass of the main window. Ambient
        light, ominous and cool, plays across its shimmering
        surface. Flitwick, arms flowing gracefully, conducts a
        group of FIFTH YEARS, looks up toward the window, eyes
        the pulsating light.


126     EXT. COURTYARD - SAME TIME - NIGHT                         126

        McGonagall stands in the courtyard as the CHOIR DRIFTS
        FAINTLY on the night air. She glances up to the sky, a
        curious expression on her face, then spies a pair of
        First Years straggling across the courtyard.

                                PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
                  To your Houses. No dawdling.

        As they scuttle off, McGonagall looks back to the sky.   A
        VORTEX of CLOUDS swirls eerily in on itself. We PULL
        BACK...


127     INT. CASTLE - WINDOW - SAME TIME - NIGHT                   127

        ... out of a window, its glass prickling with ambient
        light, and find Snape standing silently, staring at the
        gathering storm, his expression inscrutable. The choir a
        murmur.

    129.


128     INT. COMMON ROOM - SAME TIME - NIGHT                          128

        Darker than usual.   The fire muted. Ron and Hermione sit
        together. Silent.    Glance toward the window, the sky
        beyond.


129     INT. HOSPITAL WING - SAME TIME - NIGHT                        129

        Draco's face, skin glimmering with the light crawling
        across the ceiling above him. He stares, unblinking,
        swings out of the bed. Bare feet -- Draco's -- drop to
        the tiles.


130     INT. CORRIDOR - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER)                         130
        The choir echoes eerily. SIXTH YEARS, little more than
        SHADOWS, hang out, giggling in dark corners. Malfoy
        glides by in his bare feet. Unnoticed. A ghost.


131     INT. ROOM OF REQUIREMENT - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER)              131

        Dense with shadow. Strange slashes of light. Malfoy, a
        shadow within shadows, pulls the tapestry from the
        Vanishing Cabinet, steps back...

        He stares at the monolith before him, lifts his wand and
        begins to CHANT eerily. The surface of the cabinet
        glimmers, atremble in the ambient light. Almost alive.
        Then he stops. Looking back, his eyes haunted, he slips
        away.

        Light plays within the cabinet. Movement. Shadows
        flicker within, coalesce. We ease up, reveal...
        Bellatrix. Greyback.    And a few friends. Bellatrix
        steps into the light.   Glances around. Grins.


132     EXT. ASTRONOMY TOWER - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER)                  132

        Harry and Dumbledore materialize on the rooftop.
        Dumbledore glances above, notes the clouds.

                                HARRY
                  We need to get you up to the
                  hospital, sir, to Madam Pomfrey --

                                DUMBLEDORE
                  No. Severus... Severus is who I
                  need... Go and wake him... Tell
                  him what has happened...
                                (MORE)
                                                           (CONTINUED)

      HARRY POTTER... HALF-BLOOD PRINCE - Rev. 11/6/07      130.
132     CONTINUED:                                              132
                                 DUMBLEDORE (CONT'D)
                   Speak to no one else... I... I
                   shall wait here...

                                 HARRY
                  All right.   Okay.

        Harry gently disengages from Dumbledore, leaves him
        leaning against the ramparts. He dashes to the stairwell
        door and, glancing back, sees Dumbledore MUTTERING
        WEARILY as he GESTICULATES with his blackened hand.

                                HARRY
                  Sir, are you... praying?

                                DUMBLEDORE
                       (smiling faintly)
                  No, Harry. I do not pray. I was
                  merely closing a window -- the one
                  that had allowed us to Apparate.

        Harry nods, begins to open the door, when FOOTSTEPS
        sound. Draws his wand. Dumbledore cocks his head,
        listening. Wincing, he straightens up, as if to mask his
        infirmity.

                                DUMBLEDORE
                  Hide yourself below. And do not
                  speak or show yourself without my
                  permission. No matter what.

        Harry looks down, through the LATTICEWORK at his feet, to
        the tier below. The FOOTSTEPS DRAW CLOSER.

                                DUMBLEDORE
                  Do as I say, Harry.
        Harry hesitates.   Dumbledore's eyes blaze...

                                 DUMBLEDORE
                  Trust me.
        Harry meets Dumbledore's eyes, then pockets his wand and
        slips down the stairs. As he reaches the level below,
        the DOOR above FLIES OPEN. Harry peers up through the
        grid, watches Malfoy come INTO VIEW.

                                DUMBLEDORE
                  Good evening, Draco. What brings
                  you out on such a fine Spring
                  evening? Or is it Summer?

        Draco stands poised, wand in hand, eyes darting about.



                                                         (CONTINUED)

      HARRY POTTER... HALF-BLOOD PRINCE - Rev. 11/6/07      131.
132     CONTINUED: (2)                                          132
                                MALFOY
                  Who else is here? I heard you
                  talking.

                                DUMBLEDORE
                  I often talk aloud to myself. I
                  find it extraordinarily useful.
                  That which sounds sane at a
                  whisper can seem utterly mad when
                  said for all the world to hear.
                  Haven't been whispering to
                  yourself, have you, Draco?

        Draco eyes Dumbledore with unease.

                                DUMBLEDORE
                  You are not an assassin, Draco.
                                MALFOY
                  How do you know what I am? I've
                  done things that would shock you.

                                DUMBLEDORE
                  Like cursing Katie Bell and hoping
                  she would, in turn, bear a cursed
                  necklace to me? Like replacing a
                  bottle of mead with one laced with
                  poison. Forgive me, Draco, but
                  these are attempts so feeble I
                  cannot help but question if your
                  heart has been really in them.
                  I'm curious. When Voldemort gave
                  you this task, when he asked you
                  to kill me, was it in a whisper?

                                   MALFOY
                  He trusts me!     I was chosen!

        Malfoy thrusts out his arm, pulls back his sleeve and
        reveals the DARK MARK. Dumbledore barely looks at it.

                                DUMBLEDORE
                  Then I shall make it easy for you.

        Slowly and without intent, Dumbledore draws his wand.           
        Instantly Malfoy raises his own.                                

                                   MALFOY                               
                                                                        
                  Expelliarumus!
        Harry watches in horror as Dumbledore's wand flies free,        
        clattering across the grid above. Malfoy watches it roll        
        to a stop, a curious mixture of fear and awe at his own         
        actions. Dumbledore eyes the wand, then Draco.                  

                                                         (CONTINUED)

    HARRY POTTER... HALF-BLOOD PRINCE - Rev. 11/6/07     131A.
132    CONTINUED: (3)                                         132
                               DUMBLEDORE
                 Well done, Draco. But I warn you.                    
                 Killing is not nearly as easy.                       




                                                       (CONTINUED)

      HARRY POTTER... HALF-BLOOD PRINCE - Rev. 11/6/07      132.
132     CONTINUED: (4)                                          132
        Malfoy looks into Dumbledore's eyes, then to the sky, at        
        the gathering clouds, twisting darkly, then glances to
        the stairwell. Dumbledore notices.

                                DUMBLEDORE
                  You're not alone. Are you.   There
                  are others. How?

        A sneering smile plays over Malfoy's lips.

                                MALFOY
                  The Vanishing Cabinet in the Room
                  of Requirement.

                                DUMBLEDORE
                  That cabinet has been broken for
                  years.
                                MALFOY
                  I've been mending it.

                               DUMBLEDORE
                  Ingenious. Let me guess.   It has
                  a sister. A twin.

                                MALFOY
                  In Borgin & Burkes. They form --

                                DUMBLEDORE
                  A passage, yes. Very good.
                       (eyes shifting)
                  I once knew a boy years ago who
                  made all the wrong choices. Let
                  me help you, Draco.

                                MALFOY
                  I don't want your help! Don't you
                  see! I have to do it! I have to!
                       (in a whisper)
                  I've got to kill you or he'll kill
                  me.

                                DUMBLEDORE
                  Say that again, Draco. But aloud
                  this time.

        Draco looks deep into Dumbledore's eyes. His hand
        trembles. Transfixed, Harry watches from the shadows.
        Slowly, Malfoy begins to LOWER HIS WAND... when FOOTSTEPS
        ECHO. The DOOR FLIES OPEN: Bellatrix, Greyback and the
        others.

                                BELLATRIX
                  Well now, look what we have here.
                  Dumbledore. Wandless and alone.
                                (MORE)
                                                         (CONTINUED)

      HARRY POTTER... HALF-BLOOD PRINCE - Rev. 11/6/07      133.
132     CONTINUED: (5)                                          132
                                 BELLATRIX (CONT'D)
                   Cornered in his own castle. Well
                   done, Draco.

        Harry peers up, eyes flashing angrily at the sound of
        Bellatrix's voice. He draws his wand slowly.

                                DUMBLEDORE
                  Good evening, Bellatrix. I think
                  introductions are in order.

                                BELLATRIX
                  Love to, Albus. But I'm afraid
                  we're on a bit of a tight
                  schedule.
                       (to Malfoy)
                  Do it.
        Malfoy's wand rises once again. Harry raises his own,
        aiming through the grid, poised. Just then, a SHADOW
        splinters through the columns to his right. He looks,
        finds Snape, quiet as a ghost, peering upward.
        Carefully, Snape draws his wand, then turns to Harry, a
        finger to his lips: Shhh. Then he is drifting upward.
        Silent. A ghost again.

                                 GREYBACK
                  He doesn't have the stomach. Like
                  his father. Let me finish him.
                  In my own way.

                                BELLATRIX
                  No! The Dark Lord was clear. The
                  boy's to do it. Go on, Draco.
                  Now!
        Once again Draco raises his wand, his hand trembling.
        Harry's own arm is stiff, sure. The vein in his hand
        pulsates...

                                SNAPE (O.S.)
                  No.

        Harry watches Snape come INTO VIEW.

                                DUMBLEDORE
                  Severus...

                                BELLATRIX
                  Well, look who's here. Hogwarts
                  own Defense Against the Dark Arts
                  teacher. Come to see the
                  slaughter?

                                DUMBLEDORE
                  Severus... please.
                                                         (CONTINUED)

     134.
132      CONTINUED: (6)                                             132
                                 SNAPE
                   I gave my word. I made a vow...

         Harry's eyes dart back and forth frantically, trying to
         make sense of the scene playing out above. Snape's arm
         rises.

                                    SNAPE
                   Avada Kedavra!
         A JET of GREEN LIGHT hits Dumbledore squarely in the
         chest. For a second he hangs, suspended upon the
         ramparts, and then... the night swallows him.

         HARRY SCREAMS in RAGE. Bellatrix raises her wand to the
         sky and a DEAFENING BLAST shakes the castle, masking
         Harry's cry. The CLOUDS EXPLODE with GRIM LIGHT,
         mutating into a SKULL. As the Death Eaters flee, Snape's
         arm drops limply to his side.

                                 SNAPE
                   You can no longer stay here.

         Draco, stunned, stares at the empty place where
         Dumbledore stood only seconds before. Snape takes him by
         the scruff of the neck, forces him through the door, then
         follows.

         Harry scrambles up the stairs and lurches to the
         ramparts, BATHED IN THE GREEN LIGHT from above. He peers
         down. Agony wrecks Harry's face and he has to steady
         himself. He looks up into the leering skull above. Rage
         fills his eyes.


132A     EXT. ASTRONOMY TOWER - SAME TIME - NIGHT                  132A
         Snape leads Malfoy and Bellatrix down the spiraling
         staircase.


132B     INT. SLUGHORN'S CORRIDOR - NIGHT                          132B

         Snape leads on, his face a mask as he rounds a corner.
         STUDENTS in pajamas and robes peer at the emerald sky,
         then turn, stare curiously at their teacher and his
         companions. Snape sweeps past wordlessly. Draco averts
         his eyes. Bellatrix leers at a TINY FIRST YEAR, leans
         close:

                                    BELLATRIX
                   Boo.

       HARRY POTTER... HALF-BLOOD PRINCE - Rev. 11/6/07      134A.


132C      INT. OUTSIDE GREAT HALL - NIGHT                           132C

          Hearing FOOTSTEPS, an AUROR turns, is BLASTED off his
          feet as Snape and the others appear. Bellatrix lags,
          then steps to the TOWERING DOORS of the Hall, peering
          upward, past the FLOATING CANDLES to the vaulted ceiling,
          solemn as a church. Raising her wand, she sends a FIERY
          BOLT toward the GRAND WINDOW opposite. As it EXPLODES, a
          BLAST of COLD AIR sweeps the room, EXTINGUISHING THE
          CANDLES. Snape turns, looks back. Bellatrix simply
          GRINS, a mad child.


132D      INT. CORRIDOR - SAME TIME - NIGHT                         132D

          As Bellatrix's BLAST ECHOES, Ron and Hermione -- racing
          side by side in their regular clothes -- glance at one
          another, dash on.


132E      EXT. CASTLE - SAME TIME - NIGHT                           132E

          Filch, on guard, looks up, watches SHARDS OF GLASS spill
          from the window like jewels, standing transfixed as the
          fragments lash his face, draw blood.


132F      INT. CORRIDOR - SAME TIME - NIGHT                         132F

          Harry races on, glances out a window and sees Snape and
          the others racing across a lower courtyard.


132G      EXT. LOWER COURTYARD - SAME TIME - NIGHT                  132G

          Malfoy slows, glancing upward, watching the students come
          to the windows and peer out at the emerald sky. They
          look like ghosts in their nightclothes.

                                  BELLATRIX
                    Draco! Draco!
                         (as he turns)
                    They'll kill you if you stay.


132H      INT. CORRIDOR - SAME TIME - NIGHT                         132H

          Hermione and Ron push through the other students, who are
          confused, crying. McGonagall appears, meets Ron and
          Hermione's glance, continues on.

       HARRY POTTER... HALF-BLOOD PRINCE - Rev. 11/6/07       134B.


132I      EXT. HAGRID'S HUT/GROUNDS - SAME TIME - NIGHT            132I

          Quiet here. A VIEW TOWARD the castle. We HOLD. Slowly
          FIGURES appear on the horizon. The Death Eaters.
          Greyback. Bellatrix, Draco. And Snape.


133       EXT. HOGWARTS CASTLE - NIGHT                                133

          Harry bursts through the entrance doors, wand in hand.
          Before him, the grounds shimmer eerily in the GREEN GLOW.
          He sees the FIGURES FLEEING towards Hagrid's Hut.


134       EXT. HAGRID'S HUT / GROUNDS - SAME TIME - NIGHT             134

          Snape and the others race toward the edge of the grounds.
          Suddenly, Snape pulls up, looks back. Sees Harry
          sprinting toward him. Malfoy, looking edgy, is watching
          Harry too.

                                  SNAPE
                    Go on!




                                                            (CONTINUED)

   135.
134     CONTINUED:                                                134
        Just then a GIANT FIREBALL erupts into the sky. Snape
        wheels, sees Bellatrix and the others silhouetted against
        the flames. They've set Hagrid's Hut ablaze. Malfoy
        stands paralyzed.

                                  SNAPE
                  Go on!

        NEW ANGLE - HARRY

        Running. Harry bolts forth, wand in hand, vengeance in
        his eyes. Up ahead, Snape stands stolidly, tall and
        black against the raging fire. Harry points his wand,
        fires a JET of RED LIGHT. Snape doesn't move, merely
        lets it streak by his head. Harry stops, chest heaving,
        and takes aim again.
                                  HARRY
                  Cruciatus!
        Snape raises his wand, parries the curse with ease.

                                  HARRY
                  Incacerata!
        Once again, Snape deflects the spell.

                                  HARRY
                  Impedimenta!
        Another lazy flick of the arm, another curse defeated.
        Harry drops his arm in frustration.

                                  HARRY
                  Fight!    Fight back, you coward!
        With staggering quickness, Snape's wand whips forth and
        Harry is off his heels and crashing to the earth.

                                 SNAPE
                  Don't ever associate that word and
                  my name again.

        Harry raises himself up on one knee, points his wand
        when... a JET of RED LIGHT sends him crashing back into
        the grass. Snape wheels, sees Bellatrix standing behind.

                                 SNAPE
                  No!   He belongs to the Dark Lord!

        Bellatrix eyes Snape levelly, then turns, trots off.
        Snape glances at Harry, then turns away himself, walking.
        Harry grimaces, pulls himself to his feet and aims one
        last time.
                                                         (CONTINUED)

    136.
134     CONTINUED: (2)                                             134
                                  HARRY
                  Sectumsempra!
        Bang! Snape wheels and once more sends Harry flying onto
        his back. Harry stares at the stars as they wheel over
        him, when Snape comes INTO VIEW.

                                SNAPE
                  You dare use my own spells against
                  me, Potter?

        Harry goes still.   His eyes shift, meet Snape's.

                                SNAPE
                  You may have gotten your mother's
                  eyes, but you're as dim as your
                  father. Yes. It's me. I'm the
                  Half-Blood Prince.

        Snape kicks Harry's wand aside and turns away, joining
        Malfoy and the others where they wait beyond the flaming
        ruins of Hagrid's Hut. They head for the darkness of the
        treeline. And VANISH. Harry pounds his fist into the
        ground, then stops.

                                HARRY
                  Hagrid... HAGRID!

        Harry races toward the hut when the DOOR flies off its
        hinges. Seconds later, Hagrid stumbles out, beard
        SMOKING.

                                 HARRY
                  Hagrid!   You alright?

                                HAGRID
                  Take more'n tha' ter finish me
                  off. Not sure about me `ouse,
                  tho'. But if anybody can put it
                  righ', Dumbledore can.

                                HARRY
                  Hagrid, Dumbledore --

                                HAGRID
                  Only thing I can't reckon is wha'
                  Snape was doin' with tha' lot.

        Hagrid turns then, sees the HUGE THRONG of STUDENTS and
        STAFF assembled outside the castle.




                                                            (CONTINUED)

       HARRY POTTER... HALF-BLOOD PRINCE - Rev. 11/6/07       137.
134      CONTINUED: (3)                                           134
                                  HAGRID
                    An' wha's this wi' the Dark Mar'?
                    Who's been killed?
                         (stopping)
                    Where's Dumbledore, `arry?
                    Where's Dumbledore!!
         Harry tries to speak, but he is mute.   Hagrid goes still.


135      EXT. HOGWARTS CASTLE - MIDDLE COURTYARD - NIGHT             135

         Ron, Hermione and Ginny stand with the staff. They turn
         and watch the throng of students part for Harry and
         Hagrid.

         Hagrid stops short, shattered by what he sees. Harry
         pushes on, kneels. Dumbledore's eyes are closed, his
         face peaceful. Harry straightens his half-moon
         spectacles, wipes a trickle of blood from his mouth.
         Runs the back of his hand, gently, over the weathered
         cheek.

         Then he notices something lying beside Dumbledore's ashen
         hand: the locket. He takes it, considers it numbly.
         Then begins to cry, great shudders of grief wracking his
         body. Hermione gives Ginny a nudge and she steps
         forward, drops beside him. At her touch, his head falls
         on her shoulder and she begins to stroke him. Ron looks
         on. Understands all.

         McGonagall lifts a trembling wand to the sky and slowly
         the TIP GLOWS to life. One after another, students and
         staff do the same, lifting their wands in salute. As
         CAMERA RISES, the pinpricks coalesce into one BLAZING
         FIRE. The sky, briefly emerald, turns black once more.
         The Dark Mark vanishes.


136      EXT. HOGWARTS CASTLE - DAY                                  136

         The castle sits silent.   BLACK BANNERS fly on the
         parapets.


136A     EXT. BRIDGE - DAY                                         136A     

         Silent.   Desolate.                                                


137      INT. GREAT HALL - DAY                                       137

         Dumbledore's chair -- empty.   The House tables -- empty.

      HARRY POTTER... HALF-BLOOD PRINCE - Rev. 11/6/07     137A.


138      INT. CORRIDOR - DAY                                       138

         A tapestry tosses lightly in the breeze. The PERCH in            
         the empty birdcage sways, SQUEAKING gently.                      

   138.


139     INT. DUMBLEDORE'S OFFICE - DAY                               139

        Quiet.   Still.   Empty.   Then:                                    

        The door eases OPEN and Harry enters. For a moment, he              
        simply stands staring. Taking inventory. Spying                     
        something, he crosses to the great desk opposite. Looks             
        down.                                                               

        Dumbledore's wand.                                                  

        Reaching out, Harry takes it in hand. Old, oft-used and             
        bearing the impression of its owner's fingers, it is a              
        strangely beautiful object. Harry traces his thumb                  
        lightly over the wood, transfixed, when...                          

        ... McGonagall enters.                                              
                                   PROFESSOR McGONAGALL                     
                   Potter.                                                  

        He doesn't respond, lost in the wand. McGonagall's eyes             
        drift to it, briefly, then study Harry's face. She                  
        frowns, trying to call forth some words.                            

                                 PROFESSOR McGONAGALL                       
                   Potter, in light of what's                               
                   happened... should you feel the                          
                   need to talk to someone...                               

        She falters. Harry gently sets the wand back upon the               
        desk, retraces his steps to the door, pauses for one last           
        look.                                                               

                                 PROFESSOR McGONAGALL                       
                   You should know... Professor                             
                   Dumbledore...                                            

        Harry turns then, studying her drawn face, no words                 
        necessary. At a loss, she finishes quietly:                         

                                 PROFESSOR McGONAGALL                       
                   You meant a great deal to him.                           

        Harry's eyes rise. High upon the wall, the past                     
        Headmasters snooze in their frames. The last looks                  
        remarkably peaceful, the trace of a smile on his lips as            
        he sleeps.                                                          

        Dumbledore.                                                         

        Harry nods, lingering one last moment, and exits.                   

                                                                            

      HARRY POTTER... HALF-BLOOD PRINCE - Rev. 11/6/07       138A.


140      INT. TOWER DORMITORY - DAY                                  140

         Harry stands at the window, alone in the empty dormitory.
         At the doorway, he looks back. As if committing it to
         memory.


141      INT. COMMON ROOM - DAY (MOMENTS LATER)                      141

         Harry starts down the stairs, stops. Hermione, Ron and
         Ginny sit talking quietly. Ginny looks up. Smiles
         softly.


142      EXT. ASTRONOMY TOWER - DAY                                  142

         Harry and Hermione stand by the ramparts while Ron and             
         Ginny stand further along, just out of earshot. Harry              
         stares into the distance at the ashes of Hagrid's Hut.
         Hermione toys with the locket before them.                         

                                 HERMIONE                                   
                   Do you think he would've done it.
                   Draco?

                                 HARRY
                   No. He was lowering his wand.     In
                   the end, it was Snape. It was
                   always Snape. And I did
                   nothing...

         Hermione studies Harry, takes the locket from the                  
         rampart.

                                 HERMIONE                                   
                   Strange. Thinking this is a piece                        
                   of Voldemort's soul...

                                    HARRY
                   Yeah, strange.     Only... it's not.                     
                   It's a fake.                                             

         As Hermione reacts, Harry nods.                                    
                                                                            
                                  HARRY
                   Go on.   Open it.                                        




                                                          (CONTINUED)

      HARRY POTTER... HALF-BLOOD PRINCE - Rev. 11/6/07      139.
142     CONTINUED:                                              142
        Hermione pries open the locket and removes a piece of           
        PARCHMENT folded in a tight square. READS:

                                HERMIONE                                
                  `To the Dark Lord. I know I will
                  be dead long before you read this
                  but I want you to know that it was
                  I who discovered your secret. I
                  have stolen the real Horcrux and
                  intend to destroy it as soon as I
                  can. I face death in the hope
                  that when you meet your match, you
                  will be mortal once more. R.A.B.'
                       (looking up)
                  R.A.B.?

                                HARRY
                  Dunno. But whoever they are, they
                  have the real Horcrux. Which
                  means, it was a waste. All of it.

        Hermione studies Harry's troubled face, then glances at         
        Ginny and Ron.                                                  

                                HERMIONE                                
                  Ron's okay with it, you know. You                     
                  and Ginny. But if I were you,                         
                  when he's around, I'd keep the                        
                  snogging to a minimum.

        Hermione smiles faintly, trying to cheer him, but Harry         
        merely nods, looks away again.                                  

                                HARRY
                  I'm not coming back, Hermione.                        
        Hermione nods.                                                  

                                HERMIONE                                
                  We reckoned -- Ron and me.                            

                                HARRY
                  I have to finish what Dumbledore                      
                  started. I'm not sure where that                      
                  will lead me... but I'll let you                      
                  and Ron konw where I am -- when I                     
                  can. (ALT: I have to finish what                      
                  Dumbledore started. And... I have                     
                  to do it alone.)                                      

                                HERMIONE                                
                  I've always admired your courage,                     
                  Harry, but sometimes... you're                        
                  really thick.                                         
                                                                        
                                                         (CONTINUED)

      HARRY POTTER... HALF-BLOOD PRINCE - Rev. 11/6/07      140.
142     CONTINUED: (2)                                          142
        Harry turns, looking at her in surprise.                        

                                HERMIONE
                  You don't honestly think you can                      
                  find all those Horcruxes by                           
                  yourself, do you?                                     
                       (leaning in; a                                   
                        whisper)                                        
                                                                        
                  You need us, Harry.
        Harry just stares at her. She cocks her head, smiling,          
        doing her best to coax one out of him. Finally, he does,        
        briefly.                                                        

                                HARRY                                   
                  Yeah. I do. But do me a favor.                        
                  When I'm around? Keep the                             
                  snogging to a minimum.                                

        Hermione looks stunned.   Reddens.                              

                                HERMIONE                                
                  Like that's going to happen.                          

        She glances at Ron, shakes her head.                            

                                HERMIONE                                
                  Besides, he's barking.                                

                                HARRY                                   
                  Funny, he says the same about you.                    

                                HERMIONE                                
                  Yes, but I'm exceptionally                            
                  perceptive.                                           
                                HARRY                                   
                  You're brilliant. You both are.                       

        Harry looks off again and Hermione follows his gaze. She        
        looks out over the grounds. Slowly losing herself. We           
        can tell. She's taking inventory. Pressing it into a            
        scrapbook.                                                      

                                HERMIONE                                
                  Do you think we'll ever... (come                      
                  back?)                                                

        She stops. Her eyes glisten briefly. Then she fights it         
        back. Tough. Harry fights back his own emotion, reaches         
        over and gives her hand a brief squeeze. Then releases          
        her.                                                            
                                                                        


                                                         (CONTINUED)

      HARRY POTTER... HALF-BLOOD PRINCE - Rev. 11/6/07      141.
142     CONTINUED: (3)                                          142
                                  HARRY
                  I don't know.                                        

        Hermione nods and Harry's eyes shift, consider Ron and         
        Ginny. As if sensing his gaze, Ron turns and they              
        exchange a look, something unspoken but true passing           
        between them.                                                  

        Just then a SONG rises on the air, mournful and haunting,      
        and seconds later a BIRD soars out from beyond the             
        tallest turret and begins to stitch its way across the         
        sky.                                                           

        Ron and Ginny cross to Harry and Hermione, lean against        
        the rampart. All look to the horizon, watching the bird        
        grow smaller while its song -- magically -- endures.           
        No one says a word.                                            

                                                         FADE OUT.



                                  THE END


___EOF___


HARRY POTTER AND THE DEATHLY HALLOWS - PART 1



                             Written by

                            Steve Kloves



               Based on the novel by J.K. Rowling




    FADE IN:

1   TITLE CARD - WARNER BROS. PRESENTS                              1

    We PUSH THROUGH THE LOGO   INTO a living, breathing DAILY
    PROPHET. GRIM HEADLINES    SAIL PAST US: Death. Paranoia.
    A world at war. We ZOOM    INTO a MOVING PHOTOGRAPH of the
    Minister of Magic, RUFUS   SCRIMGEOUR, standing in the...


2   INT. MINISTRY OF MAGIC - ATRIUM - DAY                           2

    ... atrium of the Ministry of Magic, addressing a sea of
    MINISTRY EMPLOYEES as REPORTERS scribble intently.

                             SCRIMGEOUR
               These are dark times, there is no
               denying. Our world has perhaps
               faced no greater threat than it
               does today. But I say this to our
               citizenry: we, ever your
               servants, continue to defend your
               liberty and repel the forces that
               would seek to take it from you.
               Your Ministry remains strong...

    CAMERA FAVORS a pair of wizards, YAXLEY and PIUS
    THICKNESSE, who turn away as we PULL OUT of the
    PHOTOGRAPH and SAIL once more THROUGH the turning pages,
    the headlines growing grimmer, the faces more HAUNTED,
    until, finally, we emerge from the Prophet and find it in
    the hands of...


3   INT. GRANGER HOME - HERMIONE'S BEDROOM - LATE AFTERNOON         3
    (RAINING)

    ... HERMIONE. She stares stoically at a LURID HEADLINE --
    MUGGLE FAMILY MURDERED -- VIOLENCE SPREADS.

                              MRS. GRANGER (O.S.)
               Hermione.   Your tea is ready,
               dear.

    Hermione glances through the doorway to the stairs
    beyond. Her MOTHER'S SHADOW clings to the wall,
    trembling within another SHADOW, that of a WIND-TOSSED
    TREE. It is strangely beautiful and Hermione seems
    transfixed...

                               HERMIONE
               Coming, Mum.



                                                    (CONTINUED)
         2.
3   CONTINUED:                                                      3

    Her mother's SHADOW withdraws, leaving only the trembling
    tree. Hermione glances once more at the Prophet's
    troubling headline, then slips it into a TINY BEADED BAG.


4   INT. PARLOR - LATE AFTERNOON (MOMENTS LATER, RAINING)           4

    As Hermione descends the stairs, MRS. GRANGER exits the
    kitchen with a teapot.

                            MRS. GRANGER
              Don't you look lovely. All
              packed?

    Hermione nods and watches her mother set the teapot on
    the table in front of the television. Just then, MR.
    GRANGER steps out holding a biscuit tin.

                            MR. GRANGER
              Are you sure these biscuits are
              sugar-free?

                            MRS. GRANGER
              Quite sure, dear. See the big
              bold letters that say `Sugar
              Free'? Dead giveaway.

                            MR. GRANGER
              Mm.  Yes.
                   (passing Hermione)
              Hello, kitten. Don't you look
              lovely.

    Hermione smiles wanly as her father gives her a peck on
    the head, then joins her mother on the sofa opposite the
    television. An AUSTRALIAN WILDLIFE PROGRAM PLAYS.

                            TELEVISION (V.O.)
              ... the bandicoot has small
              pointed ears and a long snout from
              which it emits a distinctive
              trumpet sound when agitated...

                            MRS. GRANGER
              Darling, don't be suspicious the
              biscuits taste so good, be
              grateful the company's so
              clever...

    Hermione looks away from the screen, studies her mother
    and father. Slowly, she reaches into the tiny bag and
    withdraws her wand. Taking two steps forward, she points
    it toward the back of their heads. Hand trembling, she
    SPEAKS, her VOICE barely a WHISPER:

                                                   (CONTINUED)
        3.
4   CONTINUED:                                                     4

                            HERMIONE
              Obliviate.

    Mrs. Granger's face goes briefly slack and she reaches
    out, as if to break a fall, then, slowly, her hand drops,
    coming to rest upon her husband's. He blinks once,
    blankly, and then... enfolds her fingers in his.
    Hermione lowers her arm and, eyes stinging with tears,
    watches the PHOTOGRAPHS placed about the room begin to
    CHANGE. One by one, Hermione DISAPPEARS from each.

                            HERMIONE
              Goodbye.


5   EXT. STREET - LATE AFTERNOON (MOMENTS LATER, RAINING)          5

    Clutching the beaded bag, Hermione moves down the
    windswept street into the dying light. We BOOM UP TO the
    sky, HOLD briefly, then BOOM DOWN TO...


6   EXT. FRONT YARD (THE BURROW) - DUSK                            6

    ... RON, staring at the stars. He drops his gaze to the
    house, studies GINNY and MRS. WEASLEY, aglow in the light
    of the kitchen, watching them with affection, as if
    committing them to memory. His gaze shifts to the
    adjacent SHED. Inside, ARTHUR WEASLEY is bent over his
    workbench.


7   INT. SHED - DUSK (MOMENTS LATER)                               7

    Mr. Weasley fiddles with a SMALL RADIO. Another half-
    dozen -- in various stages of repair -- stand in a line
    before him.

                            RON
              What are those?

    Mr. Weasley turns, sees Ron standing in the doorway.

                            ARTHUR WEASLEY
              Close the door.

    Ron eases inside and steps to the workbench. Mr. Weasley
    turns the knob on the radio before him. STATIC spits
    forth, then a VOICE comes clear:




                                                  (CONTINUED)
         4.
7   CONTINUED:                                                      7

                             RADIO (V.O.)
              ... comes to us this evening from
              the north of England, where a
              wizard family by the name of
              Westinburgh were found dead in
              their cellar. While not a member
              of the Order, Mr. Westinburgh and
              his wife had, on numerous
              occasions, provided shelter for
              its members...

    Arthur switches off the radio.   Gestures to the others.

                            ARTHUR WEASLEY
              These are for the Order. So many
              are on the run now, it helps them
              to stay connected with the rest of
              us. Know they're not alone...

    Ron studies his father's weary face as the older man
    stares at his handiwork. Places his hand upon his
    shoulder.

                             RON
              C'mon.   Mum's got dinner ready.

    Arthur nods, pushes away from the bench and heads out the
    door. Ron lingers briefly, studying the radio, then
    follows his father into the night. We FADE. The TITLE
    CARD appears... and we --

                                                   DISSOLVE TO:


8   EXT. NIGHT SKY                                                  8

    A scarlet moon. A speck -- a nightbird, or a bat --
    framed in the moon's surface, approaches rapidly, then --
    WHOOSH! -- passes beneath. Far below, a sea of treetops
    shift eerily.


9   EXT. MALFOY MANOR - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER)                       9

    We PLUMMET THROUGH the shifting trees TO a narrow moonlit
    lane. A SHADOW ripples across the ground like a kite
    made of water. A BOOT touches down upon the graveled
    lane, then another. A cape flutters slowly down upon the
    shoulders of a wizard, lank hair splayed across his wind-
    blown collar. His head turns. Moonlight strikes his
    pale face. SNAPE.

    Moving. Up a wide drive, to a pair of wrought iron
    gates. Beyond, a large manor that has seen better days.
    A RUSTLING sounds. Snape wheels, draws his wand.
                                                   (CONTINUED)
          5.
9    CONTINUED:                                                      9

     A PEACOCK, white as a ghost, emerges from the yew. Snape
     eyes it warily, then lifts his hand. The iron gates turn
     to smoke.


10   INT. MALFOY MANOR - ENTRYWAY - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER)            10

     Fractured in the prism of a diamond-paned window, Snape
     approaches. The front door glides open. As he enters,
     dark eyes in torch-lit portraits track him from above.


11   INT. HALLWAY - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER)                            11

     A door looms at the end of a hallway. Reaching it, Snape
     hesitates for a heartbeat, then enters.


12   INT. DRAWING ROOM - SAME TIME - NIGHT                           12

     Two dozen figures sit silently at a large ornate table,
     illuminated by the flickering light of a fireplace.
     Snape studies the scene, then his eyes rise. Revolving
     slowly near the ceiling, as if suspended by an invisible
     rope, is an unconscious WOMAN (CHARITY BURBAGE).

                             VOLDEMORT
               Severus. I was beginning to worry
               you'd lost your way. Come. I've
               saved you a seat.

     VOLDEMORT grins, silhouetted against the fire, and
     gestures to the seat nearest his own. All eyes follow
     Snape, all except DRACO MALFOY, who nervously stares at
     the body above and a haggard LUCIUS MALFOY, who merely
     stares vaguely at his wand while his wife NARCISSA looks
     straight ahead.

                             VOLDEMORT
               You know our hosts, of course,
               Severus. Narcissa in particular
               has been most hospitable. Lucius,
               on the other hand, is, I fear,
               burdened by my presence. Are you,
               Lucius?

                             LUCIUS
               My lord?

                             VOLDEMORT
               Are you burdened?

                             NARCISSA MALFOY
               My lord is always welcome here.

                                                   (CONTINUED)
         6.
12   CONTINUED:                                                  12

     Voldemort smiles, his eyes shifting to Snape, who watches
     the great snake NAGINI as she slopes slowly over the feet
     of those present, unnerving all.

                             VOLDEMORT
               You bring news I trust, Severus?

                             SNAPE
               It will happen Saturday next.   At
               nightfall.

                             VOLDEMORT
               And this information comes --

                             SNAPE
               -- from the source we discussed.

     Yaxley, the wizard seen at the Ministry, leans into the
     flickering light from the opposite end of the table.

                             YAXLEY
               I have heard differently, my lord.
               Dawlish, the Auror, let slip that
               the Potter boy will not be moved
               until the thirtieth of this month,
               the night before he turns
               seventeen.

                             SNAPE
               This is a false trail. The Auror
               Office no longer plays any part in
               the protection of Harry Potter.
               Those closest to him believe we
               have infiltrated the Ministry.

                             SQUAT MAN
               Well, they've got that right,
               then, `aven't they?

     As the Squat Man cackles wheezily, others join in.
     Voldemort raises a hand. All goes silent.

                             VOLDEMORT
               Pius, what say you?

     PIUS THICKNESSE looks up, his gaze placid.

                             THICKNESSE
               One hears many things, my lord.
               Whether the truth is among them is
               not clear.




                                                    (CONTINUED)
         7.
12   CONTINUED: (2)                                              12

                             VOLDEMORT
               Spoken like a true politician.
               You will, I think, prove most
               useful, Pius. Where will he be
               taken? The boy?

                             SNAPE
               To a safehouse. Likely the home
               of someone in the Order. I'm told
               it has been given every manner of
               protection possible. Once there,
               it will be impractical to attack
               him. We may have compromised the
               Ministry, but there are those who
               remain loyal to him. As long as
               the Ministry stands, his allies
               within will have the means at
               their disposal to insure his
               safety.

                             BELLATRIX
               My lord, if I might, I'd like to
               volunteer myself for this task.
               I'd like to kill the boy.

     Just then a WAIL rises from the floorboards.   Voldemort's
     eyes flash briefly with RED.

                             VOLDEMORT
               Wormtail! Have I not spoken to
               you about keeping our guest quiet?

                             WORMTAIL
               Yes, m-my lord. Right away, my
               lord.

     As WORMTAIL scrambles up, Voldemort returns his gaze to
     BELLATRIX.

                             VOLDEMORT
               As inspiring as I find your
               bloodlust, Bellatrix, I must be
               the one to kill Harry Potter. But
               I face an unfortunate
               complication. It has recently
               come to my attention that my wand
               and Potter's share the same core.
               They are, in some ways, twins. We
               can wound but not fatally harm one
               another. Which means, if I am to
               kill him... I will have to do it
               with another's wand.

     The others at the table stir nervously. Bellatrix
     stiffens. Voldemort's narrow eyes rake the room.
                                                    (CONTINUED)
        7A.
12   CONTINUED: (3)                                             12

                             VOLDEMORT
               Come now. Surely one of you would
               like the honor? What about...
               you, Lucius?

     Lucius peers up, sallow and beaten.




                                                   (CONTINUED)
          8.
12   CONTINUED: (4)                                               12

                               VOLDEMORT
                 I require your wand.

     Lucius sits mute, paralyzed by the request, scanning the
     faces of the others, who avoid his gaze, all but Snape,
     who regards him with naked contempt and Draco, whose eyes
     meet his briefly, then glance away. Finally Narcissa's
     fingers lightly graze his wrist, summoning him back to
     the moment. Turning, he watches as, almost
     imperceptibly, she nods. Lowering his head, he ROLLS his
     wand slowly across the table, where it stops at
     Voldemort's skeletal hand. Voldemort holds the wand to
     the light.

                               VOLDEMORT
                 Do I detect elm?

                                 LUCIUS
                 Yes, my lord.

                                 VOLDEMORT
                 And the core?

                               LUCIUS
                 Dragon -- dragon heartstring.

     Voldemort nods, getting a feel for the wand's heft, then
     his eyes shift, catch Lucius staring at the WAND on the
     table -- Voldemort's own.

                               VOLDEMORT
                 My wand? You can't possibly think
                 I would give you my wand.

     Lucius' eyes meet Voldemort's. For a moment he is
     speechless. Finally his chin drops.

                                 LUCIUS
                 No, my lord.

     Voldemort   studies Lucius' bowed head, then returns his
     attention   to the wand in his hand. Raising it, he points
     it at the   body above. With a FLICK, the body awakens,
     TWITCHING   against its invisible bonds.

                               VOLDEMORT
                 For those of you who do not know,
                 we are joined tonight by Miss
                 Charity Burbage who until recently
                 taught at Hogwarts School of
                 Witchcraft and Wizardry. Her
                 specialty was Muggle studies. It
                 is Miss Burbage's belief that
                 Muggles are not so different from
                 us.
                               (MORE)
                                                      (CONTINUED)
         8A.
12   CONTINUED: (5)                                              12
                             VOLDEMORT (CONT'D)
               She would, given her way, have us
               mate with them. To her, the
               mixture of magical and Muggle
               blood is not an abomination but
               something to be encouraged. I, of
               course, take a contrary view. But
               we're all civilized here. All
               adults. We can agree to disagree.

     Charity's tear-streaked face revolves once more to face
     Snape, her voice hoarse with fear.

                             CHARITY
               Severus, please. We're friends...

     Snape's face remains impassive. Voldemort's eyes narrow
     to scarlet slits... his voice HISSES. Draco watches a
     teardrop strike the table...

                                VOLDEMORT
               Avada Kedavra!




                                                   (CONTINUED)
         9.
12   CONTINUED: (6)                                              12

     GREEN LIGHT envelops the room. Charity plummets to the
     table, body still. Voldemort ponders the wand,
     satisfied.

                             VOLDEMORT
               Nagini... Dinner.


13   EXT. PRIVET DRIVE - DUSK                                     13

     A blood-red sky hangs over the neighborhood.


14   INT. DURSLEY HOUSE - HARRY'S BEDROOM - SAME TIME - DUSK      14

     An EYE shimmers in a SHARD of SILVERED GLASS. HARRY
     POTTER'S eye. He tosses the mirror inside a LUMPY
     RUCKSACK, than adds a LOCKET, a Daily Prophet CLIPPING
     entitled "Dumbledore Remembered" (above which is a
     PHOTOGRAPH of its author, ELPHIAS DOGE with DUMBLEDORE)
     and a NOTEBOOK filled with scribblings on Horcruxes and,
     in large block letters, the initials "R.A.B." He gives
     the rucksack a shake, then glances about to see if he's
     forgotten anything. The room looks as if it's been
     bottled up and shaken. Dresser drawers turned out, floor
     covered in detritus.

                             UNCLE VERNON (O.S.)
               Come now, Dudley. Hurry up!

     Harry steps to the window, peers to the driveway below.
     UNCLE VERNON rolls a large STEAMER TRUNK towards his car,
     followed by DUDLEY, who tugs an equally large TRUNK of
     his own. Harry speaks to HEDWIG.

                             HARRY
               Time for the teary farewell.


15   INT. STAIRWELL/FRONT HALLWAY - DUSK (MOMENTS LATER)          15

     Harry drops down the stairs. The house feels barren,
     desolate. Aunt Petunia stands at the mouth of the
     kitchen, looking around. Seeing her, Harry comes to a
     stop.

                             AUNT PETUNIA
               I've lived in this house twenty
               years. And now -- in a single
               night -- I'm expected to leave.

                             HARRY
               They'll torture you. Even Dudley.
               If they think you know where I'm
               going, they'll stop at noth--
                                                    (CONTINUED)
          10.
15   CONTINUED:                                                   15

                             AUNT PETUNIA
               You think I don't know that? You
               think I don't know what they're
               capable of?

     Her eyes pierce Harry's.

                             AUNT PETUNIA
               You didn't just lose a mother that
               night in Godric's Hollow, you
               know. I lost a sister.

     Harry studies her, taken aback.

                             HARRY
               Do you have any? Magic?

                             AUNT PETUNIA
               What a cruel thing to ask.


16   EXT. PRIVET DRIVE - DUSK (MOMENTS LATER)                     16

     Uncle Vernon tests the strap binding the trunks to a
     small TRAILER hitched to the back of the Dursley car,
     then squints awkwardly at Harry.

                             UNCLE VERNON
               Well, this is goodbye then, boy.

     Harry, standing by the front door, nods, eyes Petunia,
     who sits in the front passenger seat, a ghost behind the
     glass.

                             DUDLEY
               I don't understand. Isn't he
               coming with us?

                                UNCLE VERNON
               Who?

                                DUDLEY
               Harry.

                             UNCLE VERNON
               Absolutely not.

                                DUDLEY
               Why?

                             UNCLE VERNON
               Well, because -- he doesn't want
               to, do you, boy?


                                                    (CONTINUED)
         11.
16   CONTINUED:                                                  16

                              HARRY
               Absolutely not. Besides, I'm just
               a waste of space. Isn't that
               right, Vernon?

     Uncle Vernon stares hard at Harry.

                             UNCLE VERNON
               Come on, Dudley, we're off.

     Uncle Vernon starts for the car. Dudley hesitates, then
     crosses the lawn to Harry, extends his hand.

                             DUDLEY
               I don't think you're a waste of
               space.

                             HARRY
               Well... thanks.

     Harry grips Dudley's hand, then watches his cousin turn
     and lope back across the lawn.

                             HARRY
                    (under his breath)
               See you, Big D.


17   INT. DURSLEY HOUSE - BOTTOM FLOOR - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER)   17

     Harry stands, rucksack over his shoulder, Hedwig's cage
     in hand. Somewhere, nearby, a CLOCK TICKS. Otherwise,
     all is still. Utterly quiet. He glances about the
     house, full of shadows, like ghosts. His eyes burn with
     bitterness.

                                HARRY
               Good riddance.

     His eyes shift. The last rays of sunlight lay, like a
     stain, upon a SMALL CUPBOARD DOOR below the stairs. He
     lets the rucksack slip from his shoulder. Sets down the
     cage.


18   INT. CUPBOARD UNDERNEATH THE STAIRS - SAME TIME - NIGHT     18

     The door opens. Harry's face appears. Motes of dust
     dance before his eyes. He peers into the shadows, into
     his past. A DEAD SPIDER hangs within an ancient web. A
     REGIMENT of TOY SOLDIERS -- broken and draped with dust
     -- line a listing shelf. As the SUN withdraws from the
     hallway, a tremor passes through Harry's face and then...


                                                   (CONTINUED)
          12.
18   CONTINUED:                                                   18

     A TREMENDOUS ROAR murders the silence, the roar of a
     MOTOR BIKE. Harry straightens -- half-believing he's
     dreamed it into existence -- and STRIKES his head on the
     low door frame.


19   INT. HALLWAY/KITCHEN - SAME TIME - NIGHT                     19

     Harry pelts down the dark hall as OPAQUE SHAPES race past
     the windows. He trips past Hedwig's cage, sending it
     WOBBLING and flings open the front door.


20   EXT. FRONT DOOR - CONTINUOUS ACTION - NIGHT                  20

     HERMIONE flings her arms around Harry. RON gives him a
     clap on the back. Others emerge from the shadows: FRED,
     GEORGE, BILL, FLEUR, TONKS, LUPIN, ARTHUR WEASLEY, MAD-
     EYE MOODY, KINGSLEY SHACKLEBOLT and a small, dirty,
     hangdog man, MUNDUNGUS FLETCHER. Lastly, HAGRID
     dismounts a MOTORBIKE, strips a pair of fly-specked
     goggles from his face and yanks a SMALL TWITTERING BIRD
     from his beard.

                             HAGRID
               All righ', `arry? Yeh look fit.

                             MAD-EYE
               Yeah, he's ruddy gorgeous. What
               say we get undercover before
               someone murders him.


21   INT. SITTING ROOM/KITCHEN - NIGHT                            21

     Everyone spills down the hallway into the sitting room.

                             HARRY
               I thought you were looking after
               the Prime Minister, Kingsley.

                             SHACKLEBOLT
               You're more important.

     Harry grins, then a tall, red-headed man (BILL WEASLEY)
     is before him, hand extended. His face is horribly
     SCARRED.

                               BILL
               Hello, Harry.    Bill Weasley.

                             FRED
               Wasn't always this handsome.


                                                   (CONTINUED)
        13.
21   CONTINUED:                                                 21

                             GEORGE
               Dead ugly.

                             BILL
                    (smiling; to Harry)
               True enough. Owe it all to a
               werewolf by name of Greyback.
               Hope to repay the favor one day.

                             FLEUR
                    (a kiss to the cheek)
               You are still beautiful to me,
               William.

                             LUPIN
               Just remember, Fleur, once you're
               married: Bill takes his steaks on
               the raw side now.

                             TONKS
               My husband, the joker. By the
               way, wait until you hear the news!
               Remus and I are --

                             MAD-EYE
               All right, all right! You'll all
               have time for a cozy catch-up
               later! We've got to get the hell
               out of here and soon!

     Moody drops some SACKS at his feet.   Turns to Harry.

                             MAD-EYE
               Potter, you're underage, which
               means you've still got the Trace
               on you.

                             HARRY
               The Trace?

                             MAD-EYE
               You sneeze and the Ministry will
               know who wipes your nose. Point
               is, we have to use those means of
               transport the Trace can't detect:
               brooms, thestrals and the like.
               We'll go in pairs. That way if
               anyone's out there waiting for us
               -- and I reckon there will be --
               they won't know which Harry Potter
               is the real one.

                             HARRY
               The real one...?

                                                    (CONTINUED)
        14.
21   CONTINUED: (2)                                             21

     Moody draws a FLASK from his cloak.

                             MAD-EYE
               I believe you're familiar with
               this particular brew.

                              HARRY
               No!   Absolutely not!

                             HERMIONE
                    (a sigh)
               I told you he'd take it well.

                             HARRY
               If you think I'm going to let
               people risk their lives for me --

                             RON
               Never done that before, have we?

                             HARRY
               This is different. Taking that.
               Becoming me -- no.

                             FRED
               Well, none of us really fancy it,
               mate.

                             GEORGE
               Yeah, imagine if something went
               wrong and we were stuck as
               scrawny, specky gits forever.

                             MAD-EYE
               Everyone here's of age, Potter,
               and they've all agreed to take the
               risk.

                             MUNDUNGUS
               Technically, I've been coerced.
                    (turning to Harry and
                     extending his hand)
               Mundungus Fletcher, Mr. Potter.
               I've always been a huge admirer.

                             MAD-EYE
               Nip it, Mundungus! All right,
               Granger, as discussed.

     Hermione grabs a tuft of Harry's hair -- yanks.

                             HARRY
               Blimey, Hermione!


                                                    (CONTINUED)
        14A.
21   CONTINUED: (3)                                             21

                             MAD-EYE
               Straight in here, if you please.




                                                   (CONTINUED)
          15.
21   CONTINUED: (4)                                               21

     Moody holds out the flask, un-stoppered now. The potion
     inside begins to spit forth smoke. He hands it to
     George.

                             MAD-EYE
               For those of you who haven't taken
               Polyjuice Potion before, fair
               warning. It tastes like goblin
               piss.

                             FRED
               Have a lot of experience with
               that, do you, Mad-Eye?

     Moody's eye rotates menacingly onto Fred.

                             FRED
               Just trying to defuse the tension.

     Fred takes the flask from George, followed by Ron,
     Hermione, Fleur and a less than overjoyed Mundungus. He
     scowls as the potion trickles past his lips and seconds
     later, his features -- like those of the others -- begin
     to bubble like hot wax. As the transformation completes,
     seven Harry Potters stand in the tiny kitchen.

                             FRED/GEORGE
               Wow -- we're identical!

                             MAD-EYE
               Not yet you aren't.

     Moody pulls the ties on the SACKS and pulls out SEVEN
     IDENTICAL OUTFITS.

                             GEORGE
               Don't have something a bit more
               sporty, do you?

                             FRED
               Yes, don't fancy this color at
               all.

                             MAD-EYE
               Fancy this: You're not you, so
               shut it and strip.
                    (to Harry)
               You'll need to change too, Potter.

     Harry, a bit self-consciously, begins to strip down.     The
     others, meanwhile, appear unconcerned to be exposing
     Harry's body.

                             FLEUR
               Bill, look away -- I'm `ideous.
                                                    (CONTINUED)
        15A.
21   CONTINUED: (5)                                             21

                             RON
                    (smirking)
               I knew Ginny was lying about that
               tattoo.




                                                   (CONTINUED)
        16.
21   CONTINUED: (6)                                             21

                             HERMIONE
                    (wobbling a bit)
               Harry, your eyesight really is
               awful.

                              MAD-EYE
               Blimey.   I almost forgot.

     Mad-Eye rummages in his pocket, pulls out a fistful of
     EYE-GLASSES.

                             MAD-EYE
               Right then. We'll be pairing off.
               Each Potter will have a protector.
               As for you, Harry...

                              ALL
               Yes?

                             MAD-EYE
               The real Harry! Where the devil
               are you, anyway?

                              HARRY
               Here.

     Moody's eye rotates onto the real Harry.

                             MAD-EYE
               You'll ride with Hagrid.

                             HAGRID
               Brought yeh here sixteen years ago
               when you were barely bigger than a
               Bowtruckle. Seems only righ' I
               should be the one ter take yeh
               away.

                             MAD-EYE
               Yeah, it's all very touching.
               Let's go.

     As they file out, grabs his rucksack and ponders Hedwig
     in her cage. He snaps open the wire door and she
     flutters out, swoops down the hallway and soars out the
     open door. Harry glances once more down the hall, at the
     cupboard under the stairs, then exits. He HOLD ON
     Hedwig's empty cage.


22   EXT. PRIVET DRIVE - NIGHT                                    22

     The other six Harrys sit upon thestrals and brooms.
     Hagrid sits astride a motorbike, goggles on.

                                                    (CONTINUED)
        16A.
22   CONTINUED:                                                 22

     As the real Harry appears, Hagrid taps the sidecar and
     Harry drops in.

                             MAD-EYE
               Good luck, everyone. On the count
               of three. One... two --

     Hagrid kicks the motorbike to life, lurches forward.
     Hedwig swoops upward and beats toward the greasy moon.




                                                   (CONTINUED)
          17.
22   CONTINUED: (2)                                               22

     As Hagrid roars into the sky, Harry twists round,
     watching one Harry Potter after another whip past,
     watching Privet Drive grow smaller, his eyes stinging in
     the wind, briefly lost in the moment, when...


23   EXT. SKY - SAME TIME - NIGHT                                 23

     ... a DISTURBANCE FILLS THE AIR. Harry turns away, looks
     up. DEATH EATERS drop from the clouds, surround the
     others. FLASHES of GREEN LIGHT splinter the darkness.
     Sparks explode on the bike's chassis and Hagrid HOWLS in
     fury.

                              HARRY
               Hagrid!   We've got to help the
               others!

                             HAGRID
               Can't do it, `arry. My job's ter
               get you where we're goin' safe `n
               sound -- Mad-Eye's orders!

     Before Harry can reply, FOUR DEATH EATERS jet out of the
     darkness, robes snapping in the wind. As one, their
     wands rise. Hagrid slams his hand onto a PURPLE BUTTON.
     With an EAR-SHATTERING BLAST, the motorbike quivers and
     FLAMES BELCH from the exhaust pipe. The Death Eaters
     SCREAM, robes afire, and pinwheel away, freefalling
     towards the earth.

                                HARRY
               What was that?

                                HAGRID
               Dragon fire!

     More DEATH EATERS SWOOP from the sky, give chase. Hagrid
     DIVES, plummeting for the ground, trying desperately to
     shake them. Harry watches the earth rushing towards
     them, grimacing as the bike...


24   EXT. MOTORWAY - CONTINUOUS ACTION - NIGHT                    24

     ... SLAMS onto the asphalt and slaloms wildly as
     Hagrid...


25   INT. TUNNEL - CONTINUOUS ACTION - NIGHT                      25

     ... roars into a tunnel, the Death Eaters still in
     pursuit. Hagrid leans wildly from side to side, eluding
     the flashes of light from the Death Eaters' wands.

                                                   (CONTINUED)
          18.
25   CONTINUED:                                                   25

     Sparks skitter off the tunnel and shower down as the
     sidecar rides up into the air repeatedly, then slams down
     onto the roadway. Harry glances back, sees the Death
     Eaters closing when LIGHT FILLS THE TUNNEL and HAGRID
     ROARS. Turning back, Harry sees a HUGE LORRY rushing
     towards them. As the HEADLIGHTS GROW LARGE, Hagrid
     steers the motorbike directly into them -- then past --
     and up the rounded side of the tunnel. The motorbike
     loops-the-loop and Harry dangles briefly, watching --
     upside down -- as two Death Eaters fly smack into the
     lorry -- before the motorbike comes round right side up,
     shoots out...


26   EXT. SKY - CONTINUOUS ACTION - NIGHT                         26

     ... of the tunnel and soars back into the starry sky.
     Hagrid and Harry soar higher, the air CRACKLING with
     ELECTRICITY as...


27   EXT. PYLONS - CONTINUOUS ACTION - NIGHT                      27

     ... MASSIVE ELECTRICAL PYLONS appear in the darkness. As
     Hagrid weaves through the towers, a gang of Death Eaters
     jet INTO VIEW. Harry fires a volley of Stunning Spells,
     sending a pair of Death Eaters into the SIZZLING wires
     where they dangle briefly, spasming, before plummeting
     into the darkness. Harry fires again and watches two
     others take evasive measures... unaware of the Death
     Eater closing in from behind. Finally he turns. The
     Death Eater grins, wand twitching, when...

     Hedwig swoops down, flaying the Death Eater's wand hand.

     Harry grins triumphantly when... a mad volley of WAND
     BLASTS ricochet off the motorbike and Hedwig is gone.
     Harry glances about desperately, when:

                              DEATH EATER
               That's him!   The real one!

     The remaining Death Eaters fall back and disappear.

                             HAGRID
               Hol' tight, `arry! We've got ter
               get yeh out of here!

     Hagrid hits the purple button again and the motorbike
     rockets forth. Harry gazes bleakly behind... then
     winces, eyes rolling back in his head. Gripping his
     scar, he squints toward the horizon and sees something
     closing on them. It looks like smoke, then begins to
     take shape.

                                                   (CONTINUED)
          19.
27   CONTINUED:                                                   27

     Voldemort.    Flying.   Slowly, Harry raises his wand.

                                HARRY
                  Hagrid... HAGRID...!

     Harry lets out a primal scream, his eyes clenched shut in
     pain, his wand hand trembling as he points it blindly.
     Voldemort's snake-like face draws near, his wand trained
     on Harry. Harry's arm goes slack, his wand dropping...

                                VOLDEMORT
                  Avada...

     Abruptly, Harry's arm rises as if on a string, drawn up
     by the wand trembling in his hand. GOLD FIRE spits forth
     and -- Crack! -- SPARKS skitter up the chassis of the
     motorbike. Harry wheels and -- for a split second -- is
     face to face with Voldemort, whose eyes drift, staring --
     with something like fear -- at Harry's wand. Then --
     whoosh! -- Voldemort peels backward and away, evaporating
     like smoke. Just then...

     ... the motorbike's engine HICCUPS and Hagrid and Harry
     begin to drop. PUTT... PUTT... PUTT...


28   EXT. THE BURROW - SAME TIME - NIGHT                            28

     The motorbike splashes down into the reeds, sputters,
     then cuts out altogether in a SMOKING HISSSSS. Harry
     glances about. A door opens in a crooked house. TWO
     SILHOUETTES appear, dash forward -- MRS. WEASLEY and
     GINNY.

                                MRS. WEASLEY
                  Harry! Hagrid! What happened?!
                  Have you seen the others?

                                HARRY
                  Is no one back yet?

     He looks from Mrs. Weasley to Ginny.    Ginny shakes her
     head.

                                HAGRID
                  They were on us from the star',
                  Molly -- the Death Eaters. And
                  You-Know-Who as well.

     Molly Weasley's face betrays panic, but she fights it
     back.

                                MRS. WEASLEY
                  Well, thank goodness you two are
                  all right.
                                                      (CONTINUED)
         20.
28   CONTINUED:                                                  28

                             HAGRID
               Haven't go' any brandy, have yeh,
               Molly? Fer medicinal purposes?

     She nods, leads him toward the house. Once out of
     earshot, Harry turns expectantly to Ginny. She looks
     frightened.

                             GINNY
               Ron and Tonks should've already
               been back. Dad and Fred as well.

     Suddenly, several yards away, a BLUE LIGHT burns in the
     darkness. Harry and Ginny rush towards it just as Lupin
     materializes, cradling an unconscious "Harry," clothes
     torn, head awash in BLOOD. Harry takes in the surreal
     tableau, then watches "himself" transform into George,
     who bears the true damage. Ginny's hands fly to her
     face.

                              GINNY
               Oh my God!   George!

                              LUPIN
               The house!   Quickly!


29   INT. WEASLEY HOUSE - SITTING ROOM - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER)   29

     Lupin and Harry drop George onto the sofa, where his head
     rolls into the lamplight, the blood more shocking here.
     Molly Weasley screams. George's ear is gone.

                             MRS. WEASLEY
               My boy! My darling boy! What've
               they done to you?!

     Harry looks on miserably -- anger and guilt clashing
     within him -- when Lupin grabs a fistful of his shirt and
     hurls him against the wall.

                              GINNY
               Remus!   What're you doing!

                             LUPIN
               What creature sat in the corner
               the first time that Harry Potter
               visited my office at Hogwarts!

                             HARRY
               Are you mad...?




                                                   (CONTINUED)
           21.
29   CONTINUED:                                                    29

                                LUPIN
               WHAT CREATURE!

                                HARRY
               A grindylow!

     Lupin releases Harry, turns back to the others.

                             LUPIN
               We've been betrayed. Voldemort
               knew you were being moved tonight.
               I had to make sure you weren't an
               imposter.

                             HARRY
               Who did this to him?

                             LUPIN
               Snape.
                    (nodding to George)
               He'll be fine, Molly. But that's
               Dark Magic. The damage is done.

     She simply nods, weeping, dabbing at George's face.    A
     blue glow glimmers against the window, where Hagrid
     stands.

                             HAGRID
               Someone else is back.


30   EXT. YARD (THE BURROW) - NIGHT (SECONDS LATER)                  30

     Hermione and Kingsley stand together, looking shaken.      As
     the others rush forward, Kingsley points his wand at
     Lupin.

                             SHACKLEBOLT
               The last words Albus Dumbledore
               spoke to the pair of us?

                             LUPIN
               `Harry is the best hope we have.
               Trust him.'

     Shacklebolt lowers his wand, wheels on Harry.

                             SHACKLEBOLT
               What gave you away?

                             HARRY
               Hedwig -- I think. She was trying
               to protect me --


                                                      (CONTINUED)
          22.
30   CONTINUED:                                                   30

     Just then, the yard glows with BLUE LIGHT and one pair
     after another materialize: Fred & Mr. Weasley, Bill &
     Fleur, Ron & Tonks. Ron is still "Harry," but Hermione
     doesn't hesitate, enveloping him in a fierce hug. As he
     transforms back into his own battle-weary self, he looks
     mildly abashed to be in such close proximity to Hermione.

                             RON
               Hey ya -- Well... thanks.

                             TONKS
               Deserves that. Brilliant, he was.
               Wouldn't be standing here without
               him.

                               HERMIONE
               Really?

                             RON
                    (breaking free of
                     her)
               Always the tone of surprise.

                             ARTHUR WEASLEY
               Are we the last? Where's George?

     Suddenly... silence.    Mr. Weasley eyes all, turns to
     Lupin.

                               ARTHUR WEASLEY
               Remus.    Where's my son?


31   INT. WEASLEY HOUSE - SITTING ROOM - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER)     31

     Arthur Weasley, trailed by the others, stops dead. Molly
     looks up, her face saying it all. Fred comes up on his
     father's shoulder, eyes stinging with tears as he sees
     his brother. As if sensing them, George stirs.

                             FRED
               How do you feel, Georgie?

                               GEORGE
               Saint-like.

                               FRED
               Come again?

     George opens his eyes, lifts a blood-crusted finger, and
     points to the dark cavity in the side of his skull.

                             GEORGE
               Saint-like... You see, I'm holy.
               Holey, Fred, geddit?
                                                     (CONTINUED)
             23.
31   CONTINUED:                                                      31

                             FRED
               With the whole wide world of ear-
               related humor at your disposal,
               you go for holey? Pathetic.

                             GEORGE
               Reckon I'm still better-looking
               than you. Better-looking than
               Bill, that's for sure.

     Bill doesn't smile.    Next to him, Fleur looks equally
     grim.

                             BILL
               Mad-Eye's dead.

     The room goes still.

                             BILL
               Mundungus took one look at
               Voldemort and Disapparated.

                             LUPIN
               Mad-Eye reckoned You-Know-Who
               would expect the real Harry to be
               with the most skilled Auror. He
               knew he'd be in the most danger.

                             ARTHUR WEASLEY
               It doesn't explain how they knew
               we were moving Harry tonight.

     The room grows quiet.    Eyes shift.

                             HAGRID
               Wha'? One of us? Tha's mad. I'd
               wager me life it wasn' none of you
               lot. An' if it was me I'd kno',
               wouldn' I? Talk in me sleep on
               occasion, I'll admit, but there's
               only Fang aroun' ter hear an'
               mostly it's gibberish an' besides
               I'd cut me tongue out `fore `d
               betray `arry e'en in me dreams --

     Hagrid stops, blinking miserably.      Suddenly, all smile.

                             HAGRID
               Wha's so funny!

                             HARRY
               I trust you with my life, Hagrid.
               I trust everyone in this room.
               Understood?

                                                       (CONTINUED)
        24.
31   CONTINUED: (2)                                             31

                             LUPIN
               Understood.

                             GEORGE
               `Ear, `ear.

     Fred nods approvingly to his brother.

                             FRED
               Better.


32   OMITTED                                                    32
        25.


33   INT. RON'S ROOM - NIGHT (LATER)                             33

     Shadows cling to the ceiling. Harry tosses fitfully,
     something bedeviling his sleep. Suddenly, his SCAR
     CONTRACTS. He GRIMACES.

                             VOLDEMORT (V.O.)
               You lied to me, Ollivander!


34   INT. MALFOY MANOR - CELLAR - NIGHT                          34

     At the bottom of a run of rotting wooden stairs, Wormtail
     props up an emaciated OLLIVANDER.




                                                   (CONTINUED)
         25A.
34   CONTINUED:                                                  34

     In the cracked surface of a TALL MIRROR, we see Voldemort
     reflected at the top of the stairs -- an angry
     silhouette.

                             OLLIVANDER
               No! No! I believed a different
               wand would work, I swear!

                             VOLDEMONT
               Then explain this!

     Voldemort extends his skeletal fingers. Lucius Malfoy's
     wand lies shattered upon his ghostly skin.

                             OLLIVANDER
               But it makes no sense...

                             VOLDEMORT
               Perhaps our friend's loyalties lie
               elsewhere, Wormtail.




                                                    (CONTINUED)
          26.
34    CONTINUED: (2)                                              34

                              OLLIVANDER
                No! There must be a way!    I'll
                think of something else!

                              VOLDEMONT
                I hope so, Ollivander, for your
                sake. I won't be so forgiving
                next time...


35    INT. RON'S ROOM - CONTINUOUS ACTION - NIGHT                     35

      Harry awakens with a GASP, eyes flashing in the darkness.
      He eyes the shadows above him, then looks down at his
      hand where his wand glimmers in the moonlight.


35A   INT. STAIRCASE - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER)                         35A

      Rucksack slung over his shoulder, Harry picks his way
      softly down the spiraling steps, past silent doorways,
      slipping in and out of shadow.


35B   EXT. YARD - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER)                              35B

      Harry emerges into the night, shifting the rucksack as he
      eyes the reeds shifting eerily in the darkness.

                              RON (O.S.)
                Going somewhere?

      Harry stiffens, turns to meet Ron's accusatory gaze, then
      continues on.

                              HARRY
                No one else is going to die.     Not
                for me.

                              RON
                For you? You think Madeye died
                for you? You think George took
                that curse for you? You may be
                the Chosen One, mate, but this is
                a whole lot bigger than that.

      Harry stares at Ron.   The air is tense.

                                HARRY
                Come with me.    Now.

                              RON
                And leave Hermione? Are you mad?
                We wouldn't last two days without
                her.
                              (MORE)
                                                       (CONTINUED)
           26A.
35B   CONTINUED:                                                  35B
                               RON (CONT'D)
                      (glancing around)
                 Don't tell her I said that.
                      (back to Harry)
                 Besides, you've still got the
                 Trace on you. And there's the
                 wedding...

                              HARRY
                Wedding?

                              RON
                Bill and Fleur. Mum's been
                planning it for months. Only
                thing that's kept her sane, I
                reckon. She'll kill me if I miss
                it. Kill you too. Rather go face
                to face with You-Know-Who if I'm
                honest.

      Ron tries a smile, but Harry looks foul.

                              HARRY
                I don't care about a bloody
                wedding -- no matter whose it is.
                I have to start searching for the
                Horcruxes. It's the only chance
                we have to beat him. And the
                longer we wait the stronger he
                gets.

      Ron just stares at Harry, calm, poised.

                              RON
                Tonight's not the night, mate.
                You'd only be doing him a favor.

      Harry stares at Ron -- incensed by his cool demeanor and
      common sense. Finally, he turns away, tosses the
      rucksack in frustration. For a moment they stand like
      this, Harry's back to Ron. Silent. Finally Ron speaks.

                              RON
                Do you think he knows?

      Harry turns his head halfway, but doesn't speak.

                              RON
                I mean, they're bits of his soul,
                the Horcruxes. Bits of him. When
                Dumbledore destroyed the ring and
                you destroyed Tom Riddle's diary
                all those years ago -- he must've
                felt something right?

      Harry ponders this, but remains silent.
                                                    (CONTINUED)
          26B.
35B   CONTINUED: (2)                                             35B

                              RON
                What I'm saying is, if we do this
                thing right, if we find the
                Horcruxes and begin to destroy
                them one by one...

      Harry waits.

                              RON
                Won't he know he's being hunted?

      Still Harry says nothing.   Silence descends once more,
      then:

                              ARTHUR WEASLEY (O.S.)
                All together now!


36    EXT. WEASLEY HOUSE - ORCHARD - MORNING                        36

      Bird's-eye view: An ENORMOUS CIRCLE of SILK lies flat
      upon the ground. As Hagrid looks on, Arthur, Bill, Ron
      and Fred stand on its periphery, wands poised.

                                ARTHUR WEASLEY
                One.   Two.   Three!

      The silk rises, pitching itself into a perfect wedding
      marquee, trembling wondrously in the morning breeze...
      then collapses.


37    INT. KITCHEN - MORNING (SECONDS LATER)                        37

      The DAILY PROPHET lies in f.g., HEADLINE SCREAMING:
      "DUMBLEDORE'S DARK SECRETS." We HEAR FOOTSTEPS descend
      the stairs... then Harry's blurry figure steps INTO FOCUS
      and takes the paper for a closer inspection.

      RITA SKEETER grins up at him, holding a BOOK entitled The
      Life and Lies of Albus Dumbledore. A bit further down,
      another headline: "Think You Know Dumbledore? Think
      Again!"

                              GINNY (O.S.)
                Were you going to tell me?

      Harry turns, finds Ginny in the doorway in a beautiful
      dress.

                                HARRY
                Yes.



                                                      (CONTINUED)
            27.
37   CONTINUED:                                                     37

                             GINNY
               And Ron and Hermione. They'll not
               be going back to Hogwarts either?

     Harry stares at her. She looks excruciatingly beautiful
     in the light streaming through the window.

                             GINNY
               I see.

                             HARRY
               Dumbledore didn't want anyone to
               know what it is we're doing. If I
               tell you, I'd be betraying him.

                             GINNY
               Zip me up, will you.

     She turns. The dress is open to the small of her    back.
     Harry steps forward and takes the zipper. As the    panels
     close, concealing her skin, his fingers linger at   the
     top, lightly brushing the nape of her neck. They    stand
     like this, utterly still, the moment fraught.

                             GINNY
               Seems silly, doesn't it? A
               wedding. Given everything that's
               going on.

                             HARRY
               Maybe that's the best reason to
               have it. Because of everything
               that's going on.

     Her chin turns, coming into profile, her face very close.
     Then she folds into him and they are kissing. Long.
     Deep.

     George wanders in brushing his teeth, pours himself a cup
     of tea and, sticking the toothbrush in his ear-hole,
     leans back against the stove for a sip. Ginny -- sensing
     something -- opens her eyes and JUMPS. Harry wheels.
     George winks, tips his cup in their direction.

                             GEORGE
               Morning.


38   EXT. ORCHARD - SAME TIME - MORNING                             38

     Arthur stands looking at the marquee from his POV:
     perfect.

                             ARTHUR WEASLEY
               How's it look on your end, boys?
                                                   (CONTINUED)
        28.
38   CONTINUED:                                                 38

     Ron and Fred look:   bent, mangled.

                              FRED
               Brilliant!

     Just then, the silk snaps and the trees in the
     surrounding orchard shiver in a rush of wind. Everyone
     steps clear of the marquee and watches a TALL WIZARD with
     GRIZZLED HAIR and SCARRED CHEEK materialize. RUFUS
     SCRIMGEOUR.

                             GEORGE
               Bloody hell, what's the Minister
               of Magic doing here?

                             RON
               Dunno. But something tells me he
               didn't come to give away the
               bride.


39   INT. WEASLEY HOUSE - SITTING ROOM - MOMENTS LATER            39

     Harry enters, trailed by Ron and Hermione. Scrimgeour
     gestures the trio to the sofa. Harry eyes Scrimgeour
     with thinly concealed contempt.

                             HARRY
               To what do we owe the pleasure,
               Minister?

                             SCRIMGEOUR
               I think we both know the answer to
               that question, Mr. Potter.

     Scrimgeour pitches a CLOTH BAG onto the table before
     them. The trio regard it curiously, exchange glances.

                             HARRY
               And this would be...?

                             SCRIMGEOUR
               Don't be coy, Mr. Potter. Mr.
               Weasley. Would you say you were
               close to your former Headmaster?

                             RON
               Dumbledore? And me? I dunno. I
               reckon I was just another Weasley
               to him. He was always polite --

                             SCRIMGEOUR
               And you, Miss Granger? How would
               you characterize your
               relationship?
                                                    (CONTINUED)
        29.
39   CONTINUED:                                                 39

                             HERMIONE
               We were friendly, not close like
               Harry, but --

                             HARRY
               What's this all about?

                             SCRIMGEOUR
               This. Despite the fact that
               neither of your friends appear to
               have been particularly close to
               their recently deceased
               Headmaster, he saw fit to remember
               them in his will. Now why do you
               suppose that would be?

     Harry, Ron and Hermione exchange glances again.

                             HARRY
               No idea.

                             SCRIMGEOUR
               Come now, you don't expect me to
               believe...

     Scrimgeour reaches into his cloak, removes a SCROLL OF
     PARCHMENT. READS:

                             SCRIMGEOUR
               `Herein is set forth the Last Will
               and Testament of Albus Percival
               Wulfric Brian Dumbledore. First,
               to Ronald Bilius Weasley, I leave
               my Deluminator, a device of my own
               making, in the hope that -- when
               things seem most dark -- it will
               show him the light.'

     Scrimgeour removes a SMALL SILVER OBJECT from the bag.

                             RON
               Dumbledore left this? For me?
               Brilliant. Er -- what is it?

     Ron CLICKS it and all the light rushes from the lamps
     into the Deluminator, throwing the room into total
     darkness. He CLICKS it again and light flies back to the
     lamps.

                             RON
               Wicked.




                                                    (CONTINUED)
          30.
39   CONTINUED: (2)                                               39

                             SCRIMGEOUR
               `To Miss Hermione Jean Granger, I
               leave my copy of The Tales of
               Beedle the Bard, in the hope that
               she will find it entertaining and
               instructive.'

     Scrimgeour reaches into the bag once again and retrieves
     a SMALL BOOK, its binding stained and peeling in places.

                             RON
               Mum used to read me those! The
               Wizard and the Hopping Pot,
               Babbitty Rabbity and her Cackling
               Stump...

     Harry and Hermione stare blankly at him.

                            RON
               Oh, c'mon! Beedle's stories are
               famous! Babbity Rabbitty? No...?

     Scrimgeour eyes Ron with mild annoyance, continues.

                             SCRIMGEOUR
               `To Harry James Potter, I leave
               the Snitch he caught in his first
               Quidditch match at Hogwarts, as a
               reminder of the rewards of
               perseverance and skill.

     Scrimgeour places the tiny golden orb onto Harry's palm,
     where it glimmers dully. Harry studies it, then looks
     up.

                             HARRY
               That's it then?

                             SCRIMGEOUR
               Not quite. Dumbledore left you a
               second bequest: The Sword of
               Godric Gryffindor. Unfortunately,
               the Sword of Gryffindor was not
               Dumbledore's to give away. As an
               important historical artifact, it
               belongs...

                             HERMIONE
               To Harry! It belongs to Harry!
               It chose him! It came to him in
               the Chamber of Secrets when he
               most needed it!



                                                   (CONTINUED)
         31.
39   CONTINUED: (3)                                              39

                             SCRIMGEOUR
               The sword may present itself to
               any worthy Gryffindor, Miss
               Granger. That does not make it
               that wizard's property. And in
               any event the current whereabouts
               of the sword are unknown.

                              HARRY
               Excuse me?

                             SCRIMGEOUR
               The sword is missing.
                    (before Harry can
                     pursue)
               I won't pretend to be your friend,
               Mr. Potter. But I assure you I'm
               not your enemy.

                             HARRY
               You'll forgive me, Minister. But
               it's a little hard to tell the
               difference these days.

                             SCRIMGEOUR
               Dumbledore said something very
               similar the last time we spoke.

     Scrimgeour gazes out the window, eyes haunted.

                             HERMIONE
               Where is your guard, sir?

                             SCRIMGEOUR
               I came alone. I don't really need
               them anymore...

     He turns then, exits.   MUSIC IS HEARD and LAUGHTER...


40   INT./EXT. MARQUEE - NIGHT (HOURS LATER)                        40

     The wedding party is in full swing. Harry, in dress
     robes, stands on the periphery, absently FINGERING THE
     SNITCH as Bill and Fleur twirl madly within a clapping
     circle of well-wishers. Harry's gaze drifts: to Ginny,
     laughing as Fred and George rush the dance floor, briefly
     sweep Fleur away from Bill, then begin to dance with each
     other; to Hermione, stunning in black silk: to Ron, who
     ignores all, his eyes focused entirely on Hermione.

     Far across the garden, Hagrid wends through the tables in
     his horrible hairy suit and presents a SLICE OF CAKE to a
     pleased OLYMPE MAXIME.

                                                      (CONTINUED)
          32.
40   CONTINUED:                                                   40

     Nearby, Tonks, hand to her belly, leans forward and
     WHISPERS something to Mrs. Weasley, who reacts with happy
     surprise. Harry studies Tonks' belly...

                             LUPIN (O.S.)
               We want you to be the godfather.

     Harry turns, sees Lupin standing behind, staring at Tonks
     with affection. As his eyes shift to Harry, Harry
     sputters:

                             HARRY
               You mean -- But that's brilliant --
               I... don't know what to say.

                               LUPIN
               Say yes.

     Lupin grins, claps Harry on the shoulder and hikes off
     into the darkness, joining the WIZARDS STANDING GUARD in
     the garden's deepest shadows. Harry looks back to Tonks,
     then notices a slight, TUFTY-HAIRED WIZARD (ELPHIAS DOGE)
     sitting alone at a table just beyond her.

                               LUNA
               Hello, Harry!

     LUNA LOVEGOOD approaches in the company of a cross-eyed
     wizard (XENOPHILIUS LOVEGOOD) with shoulder-length white
     hair the texture of candy floss. Both wear robes the
     color of egg yolk.

                             LUNA
               Oh, I've interrupted a deep
               thought, haven't I? I can see it
               growing smaller in your eyes.

                             HARRY
               No, `course not. How are you,
               Luna?

                             LUNA
               Very well. I was bitten by a
               garden gnome only moments ago.

     She holds up her finger, which is sheathed in blood.

                             XENOPHILIUS LOVEGOOD
               Gnome saliva is enormously
               beneficial! Xenophilius Lovegood.
               We live just over the hill!

                             HARRY
               Nice to meet you, sir.

                                                     (CONTINUED)
          33.
40   CONTINUED: (2)                                               40

     Lovegood suddenly leans close, WHISPERS FIERCELY:

                             XENOPHILIUS LOVEGOOD
               I trust you know, Mr. Potter, that
               we at The Quibbler, unlike those
               toadies at the Daily Prophet,
               fully supported Dumbledore during
               his lifetime and in his death
               support you just as fully.

                             LUNA
               Come, Daddy. Harry doesn't want
               to talk to us right now. He's
               just too nice to say so.

     Lovegood's eyes burn with righteousness, a TRIANGULAR EYE
     dangling from a chain around his neck. As Luna pulls him
     away, Harry glances once again across the garden.


     NEW ANGLE - MOMENTS LATER

     ELPHIAS DOGE sits alone, smiling absently as he observes
     the happy goings-on. Then:

                              HARRY
               Sir?   May I sit down?

                              ELPHIAS DOGE
               Mr. Potter!   By all means!

     In a nervous flutter, Doge pours Harry a goblet of
     champagne.

                             HARRY
               I found what you wrote in the
               Daily Prophet very moving, sir.    I
               take it you knew Professor
               Dumbledore well?

                             ELPHIAS DOGE
               I certainly knew him the longest,
               if you don't count his brother
               Aberforth -- and somehow, people
               never do seem to count Aberforth.

                             HARRY
               I never even knew he had a
               brother, sir.

                             ELPHIAS DOGE
               Yes, well, Dumbledore was always
               very private. Even as a boy.


                                                      (CONTINUED)
        34.
40   CONTINUED: (3)                                             40

                             HARRY
               Sir, I was wondering if you'd had
               much contact with him before he
               died.

                             ELPHIAS DOGE
               The occasional owl. Though it was
               strange...

                               HARRY
               Strange, sir?

                             ELPHIAS DOGE
               It was the owls themselves. They
               often arrived in distress. It was
               clear they'd traveled great
               distances in some cases.

                             HARRY
               Could you tell me from where
               they'd come, sir?

                             ELPHIAS DOGE
               I'm afraid not. Albus' messages
               mostly referenced our days
               together as schoolboys. They were
               surprisingly intimate. When he
               did speak of his current
               activities his words would turn
               elliptical. Still, I sensed he
               was under great stress. Why do
               you ask?

                             HARRY
               Just curious. I was... close to
               Professor Dumbledore.

                             ELPHIAS DOGE
               Well, he treasured you, Mr.
               Potter, I can attest to that. I
               can also tell you that when a
               person passes, it's only natural
               to rue the things left unsaid, to
               regret the question never asked.
               I knew Albus nigh on 100 years,
               but in many ways he will always
               remain a riddle even to me.

                             WOMAN (O.S.)
               Don't despair, Elphias. I'm told
               he's been thoroughly unriddled by
               Rita Skeeter. In 800 pages no
               less.


                                                   (CONTINUED)
         35.
40   CONTINUED: (4)                                              40

     Harry and Doge turn, study the profile of an ANCIENT
     WITCH (MURIEL) sitting at an adjacent table, a glass of
     champagne cradled in the bony fingers of one hand.

                             ELPHIAS DOGE
               That woman is a vulture, Muriel,
               and you well know it.

                             MURIEL
               Someone has to pick the bones to
               get at the truth. I read your
               obituary, Elphias. Lovely. But
               you did skate over some of the
               sticky patches in Dumbledore's
               life.

                             ELPHIAS DOGE
               I'm sorry you think so, Muriel. I
               assure you I was writing from the
               heart.

                             MURIEL
               Yes, well, Rita Skeeter hasn't
               made that mistake, I'm sure. Word
               has it someone talked to her,
               someone who knew the Dumbledore
               family well. You and I both know
               who that is, Elphias.

                             ELPHIAS DOGE
               A monstrous betrayal. I can only
               conclude the rumors are true and
               that she has become untethered.

                             HARRY
               Who are you talking about?

                             MURIEL
               Well, I don't suppose it'll be a
               secret once the book comes out.
                    (relishing the
                     moment)
               Bathilda Bagshot.

                             HARRY
               Who?

                             MURIEL
               Who? Bathilda Bagshot! My god,
               boy, she's only the most
               celebrated magical historian of
               the last century. Don't they read
               History of Magic at Hogwarts
               anymore?

                                                   (CONTINUED)
           36.
40   CONTINUED: (5)                                                40

                              HARRY
               Oh, right.   Slipped my mind...

                             MURIEL
               She knew the Dumbledores as well
               as anyone. She'd have letters,
               perhaps an interesting photograph
               or two. I'm sure Rita Skeeter
               would have thought it well worth a
               trip to Godric's Hollow to take a
               peek into that old bird's rattled
               cage.

                             HARRY
               Godric's Hollow? Bathilda Bagshot
               lives in Godric's Hollow?

                             MURIEL
               For years now. That's where she
               first met Dumbledore.

                             HARRY
               Excuse me? You don't mean to say
               Dumbledore lived there too?

                             MURIEL
               Of course. The family moved there
               after his father killed those
               three Muggles. It was quite the
               scandal.
                    (eyeing him)
               Honestly, my boy, are you sure you
               knew him at all?

     Harry sits, speechless, then his eye catches a shooting
     star -- or what appears to be. As it plummets, it grows,
     gaining speed until it slices through the canopy,
     exploding in a burst of light. All goes SILENT as a
     SILVER LYNX -- graceful and gleaming -- MATERIALIZES amid
     the crowd. When it speaks, the Patronus has
     Shacklebolt's sonorous voice.

                             PATRONUS
               The Ministry has fallen. The
               Minister of Magic is dead. They
               are coming...

     The lynx vanishes.   A SCREAM shreds the silence.   Then:
     chaos.

                             ELPHIAS DOGE
               Nice meeting you, Mr. Potter!

     Doge extends his hand toward Harry when -- CRACK! -- he
     DISAPPARATES.
                                                    (CONTINUED)
          37.
40   CONTINUED: (6)                                               40

     Seconds later, the ancient witch has done the same.
     Harry scans the scattering crowd and meets Ginny's eyes,
     as she gets buffeted about. He pelts toward her,
     bouncing between bodies, losing sight of her.

                               HERMIONE
               Ron!   Ron!

     Harry turns, sees Hermione glancing about frantically.
     As she turns, Ron comes INTO VIEW, pushes toward her.
     Suddenly the canopy above turns to ribbons as DEATH
     EATERS -- in dark cloaks and masks -- descend into the
     crowd. Arthur, Fred and George wield their wands. Harry
     sees a flower fall from Fleur's hair, watches it crushed
     underfoot, then catches sight of Ginny through the
     madness as she draws her own wand, copper hair gleaming,
     eyes flashing. He starts toward her, when... Lupin
     crashes in, spinning him roughly round.

                               LUPIN
               Harry!   Go!   Go!

     A HAND REACHES OUT AND GRABS HIS. He looks. It's
     Hermione, clutching Ron's hand with her other. She
     closes her eyes and a great WHOOSHING SOUND fills Harry's
     ears. He takes one last desperate look at Ginny as he is
     thrown up and back in a WHIRLWIND and all goes BLACK. A
     HORN BLARES as...


41   EXT. SHAFTESBURY AVENUE (PICCADILLY) - NIGHT                 41

     ... a DOUBLE-DECKER BUS careens within inches of Harry,
     Ron and Hermione as they stumble INTO VIEW, the streets
     teeming with drunken pub crawlers.

                               RON
               Where are we?

                             HERMIONE
               Shaftesbury Avenue. I used to
               come here to the theater with my
               mum and dad. Just popped into my
               head. I don't know why...

     They hurry on, glancing over their shoulders at the DARK
     SHAPES that move within the crowd behind them, STRANGERS
     bumping by, FACES passing in a paranoiac BLUR: a DRUNKEN
     MAN, a CACKLING WOMAN with BLOOD-RED LIPSTICK...

                               HERMIONE
               This way!
            38.


42   EXT. ALLEYWAY - CONTINUOUS ACTION - NIGHT                        42

     As they take refuge in the shadows, Hermione begins to
     rummage through her TINY BEADED PURSE.

                              HERMIONE
                We need to change.

     Ron and Harry look at each other's dress robes. From the
     purse, Hermione extracts -- in quick succession -- two
     pairs of jeans, T-shirts, and a pair of light overcoats.

                              RON
                How the ruddy --

                              HERMIONE
                Undetectable Extension Charm.

                              RON
                You're amazing, you are.

                              HERMIONE
                Always the tone of surprise.

     As she gives the bag a shake, there is LOUD echoing of
     heavy objects, as if something has fallen.

                              HERMIONE
                That'll be the books.


43   INT. ALL-NITE CAFE - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER)                       43

     Shabby.   Greasy.   Empty.    The trio slide into a booth.

                              HARRY
                Do you reckon everyone's alright
                at the wedding? Maybe we should --

                              RON
                They were after you, mate. We'd
                just put everyone in danger going
                back.

                                  HERMIONE
                Ron's right.      Cappuccino, please.

     A gum-chewing WAITRESS stands behind Harry. Ron,
     clueless when it comes to cappuccinos, nods to Hermione.

                                  RON
                What she said.

                                  HARRY
                Same.
                                                        (CONTINUED)
           39.
43   CONTINUED:                                                    43

                                WAITRESS
               Wicked scar.

                             RON
                    (as she exits)
               So where do we go from here?      The
               Leaky Cauldron?

                             HERMIONE
               Too dangerous. If Voldemort's
               taken over the Ministry, none of
               the old places are safe.

     The front door SQUEALS and TWO WORKMEN enter, glance idly
     at the trio and step to the counter.

                             HARRY
               My rucksack. With all my things.
               I left it back at the Burrow --

     Hermione is shaking her head.      Harry eyes the beaded
     purse.

                                HARRY
               You're joking.

                             HERMIONE
               I've had the essentials packed for
               days. Just in case.

                             RON
               By the way -- these jeans?      Not my
               favorite. Bit tight.

     Hermione gives him a withering glance. Harry can't help
     but smile. Then his eyes shift to the SMALL SECURITY
     MIRROR near the ceiling, see the two workmen turning.

                                HARRY
               DOWN!

     The tile EXPLODES on the wall where Ron's head had been
     only seconds before. A rope of green light singes
     Hermione's hair.

                                HARRY
               Stupefy!

     The JET of RED LIGHT hits the biggest Death Eater
     straight in the face and he crumples instantly.

                                DEATH EATER #2
               Expulsio!


                                                        (CONTINUED)
          40.
43   CONTINUED: (2)                                               43

     The table behind Harry explodes and the spell ricochets,
     shattering the security mirror -- sending shards raining
     everywhere, including one that laces Hermione's cheek --
     then striking the cappuccino machine, which sprays hot
     liquid all over the Death Eater. He BELLOWS in pain and
     Hermione and Ron hit him with TWIN STUNNING SPELLS. As
     he spasms on the ground, Hermione adds another for good
     measure:

                             HERMIONE
               Petrificus Totalus!

     He goes still.   The Waitress steps from the backroom.
     Sees the trio.   The wands. Her gum bubble... POPS.

                              HERMIONE
               Go.

     She doesn't argue.

                             HARRY
               Lock the door, get the lights.

     Hermione throws the bolt. Ron clicks the Deluminator,
     pitching the cafe into shadow. Harry eyes the
     unconscious Death Eater.

                             HARRY
               This one's name is Rowle. He was
               on the Astronomy Tower the night
               Snape killed Dumbledore.

                             RON
               This is Dolohov. I recognize him
               from the wanted posters.

     Ron rolls him over with his foot. Dolohov's eyes shift
     in fear from Harry to Hermione, then back to Ron.

                             RON
               So what do we do with you, huh?
               Kill us if it was turned round,
               wouldn't you?

     Ron's face is hard.   Hermione eyes him uneasily.   He
     notices.

                             RON
               Suppose it's him that did Mad-Eye.
               How would you feel then?

     Hermione looks at Dolohov.   The moment hangs, then:



                                                    (CONTINUED)
         41.
43   CONTINUED: (3)                                              43

                             HARRY
               It's better we wipe their
               memories. We kill them, they'll
               know we were here.

                             RON
               You're the boss.
                    (turning to Hermione)
               Hermione?

     She turns, looks at him.    He reaches out, wipes a trickle
     of blood from her cheek.

                             RON
               You're the best with spells.

     Shakily, she points her wand at Dolohov.   Her arm
     trembles.

                                HERMIONE
               Obliviate.

     There is a FLASH OF LIGHT and we --

                                                          CUT TO:


44   EXT. LONDON STREET - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER)                     44

     The trio move quickly, glancing about, paranoid.

                             HARRY
               How is it they knew we were there?

                             HERMIONE
               Maybe you still have the Trace on
               you.

                            RON
               Can't be. The Trace breaks at
               seventeen. It's Wizarding law.

     Hermione stops.   Harry and Ron turn, look back.

                                RON
               What?

                             HERMIONE
               We didn't celebrate your birthday,
               Harry. Ginny and I -- we'd
               prepared a cake. We were going to
               bring it out at the end of the
               wedding...


                                                     (CONTINUED)
          42.
44   CONTINUED:                                                   44

                              HARRY
               Hermione. I appreciate the
               thought -- honestly. But given
               that we were almost killed by a
               couple of Death Eaters a few
               minutes ago...

                              HERMIONE
               Right.   Perspective.

                             RON
               We've got to get off the streets,
               get somewhere safe.

                             HARRY
               I have an idea.


45   EXT. 12 GRIMMAULD PLACE - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER)              45

     A DOOR marked by the number 12. Harry TAPS his wand on
     the weathered surface and a series of METALLIC CLICKS are
     heard. The door swings open with a CREAK.


46   INT. ENTRYWAY (12 GRIMMAULD PLACE) - CONTINUOUS ACTION -     46
     NIGHT

     The GAS LAMPS spring to life, illuminating a narrow
     cobwebbed hallway. The trio glance about, then Harry
     takes a step forward.

                                MAD-EYE (O.S.)
               Severus Snape?

                                HARRY
               Mad-Eye...?

     Just then a great RUSH OF COLD AIR sweeps through the
     hallway and the trio's tongues curl back in their mouths.
     Some THING shifts in the shadows at the end of the hall,
     rising from the carpet -- tall, dust-colored and terrible-
     looking -- then rushes toward them. It's Dumbledore, but
     a ghostly, worm-eaten Dumbledore, a corpse come to life,
     with empty eye sockets and sunken face. It raises its
     wand and then... EXPLODES in a great cloud of dust,
     swirling like mist in the corridor, drifting back to the
     carpet.

                             RON
               What was that about?




                                                   (CONTINUED)
          43.
46   CONTINUED:                                                   46

                                HERMIONE
                  Mad-eye's doing, I'd guess.    In
                  case Snape decided to come
                  snooping.

     Just then, a FLOORBOARD CREAKS. The trio stiffen.
     Slowly, Hermione draws her wand, peers into the shadows.

                                HERMIONE
                  Homenum revelio.

     Nothing.   Hermione lowers her wand.   Explains.

                                HERMIONE
                  It's a spell to reveal human
                  presence.

     She extends her hand, watches the settling dust stream
     through her fingers.

                                 HERMIONE
                  We're alone.

                                                      DISSOLVE TO:


     EXT. SKY

     AT DAWN...


47   EXT. MOUNTAIN ROAD - DAWN                                       47

     The view expands and a SMALL VILLAGE is revealed, swathed
     in mist. This has the feel of a POV. The IMAGE JUMPS
     and...


48   INT. VILLAGE STREET - DAWN                                      48

     ... the POV is MOVING now, THROUGH streets teeming with
     cloaked figures. The TONGUE that is spoken here is
     foreign, Germanic. We TURN DOWN an alleyway and the path
     narrows, the shadows growing more dense. Scratched into
     a wall is the SYMBOL Xenophilius Lovegood wore around his
     neck, but the POV LINGERS upon it only briefly. A SIGN
     comes INTO VIEW, hanging outside a small shop at the very
     end of a dark cul de sac: "GREGOROVITCH, WANDMAKER." We
     CLOSE QUICKLY ON the shop's door, catch a glimpse of
     VOLDEMORT'S REFLECTION IN THE GLASS, when...
          44.


49   INT. DRAWING ROOM - MORNING                                  49

     ... Harry awakens, peering at the cobwebbed chandelier
     overhead. He sits up, looks at Hermione, asleep upon the
     sofa, her arm dangling down to where Ron lies upon the
     floor, her fingers only inches from his. Nearby, the
     RADIO HISSES SOFTLY, distant VOICES struggling to be
     heard.

                             HARRY (O.S.)
               Lumos.


50   INT. UPSTAIRS LANDING/CORRIDOR - MORNING (MOMENTS LATER)     50

     Harry's wand BLOOMS in the darkness as he scales the
     stairs and reaches the landing. He peers into a bedroom.
     The drawers have been turned out. The bedsheets
     stripped. He moves on, painting the wall with wandlight,
     illuminating an EMPTY PORTRAIT of a MUDDY LANDSCAPE. He
     studies it -- long enough that we'll remember it -- then
     a FLOORBOARD SQUEAKS -- like the night before. Harry
     wheels, points his wand down the dark corridor adjacent.


51   INT. DARK CORRIDOR - MORNING (MOMENTS LATER)                 51

     Harry moves down the narrow corridor to its end, to a
     DOORWAY. He eyes the nameplate: "SIRIUS."


52   INT. SIRIUS' ROOM - CONTINUOUS ACTION                        52

     We watch Harry enter from an UNSETTLINGLY LOW POV
     (Kreacher's). This room, like the others, has been
     ransacked. Harry lingers by a PHOTOGRAPH. In it, FOUR
     YOUNG HOGWARTS STUDENTS -- JAMES POTTER, SIRIUS BLACK,
     PETER PETTIGREW and Lupin -- stand GRINNING before the
     WHOMPING WILLOW. Harry traces the thin cone of light of
     his wand across their faces.

     Books and papers carpet the floor. A WOMAN'S FACE,
     striking and wise, peers out from a dust jacket. Harry
     crouches, turns the book over to read its TITLE: A
     History of Magic by Bathilda Bagshot. Harry turns it
     BACK over, studies the woman's face again. He begins to
     rise when he notices a CRUMPLED PIECE OF PAPER embossed
     at the top with a name: Lily Potter. As Harry begins to
     read, we hear HER VOICE:

                             LETTER (LILY) (V.O.)
               Dear Sirius. Thank you for
               Harry's birthday present. You'd
               think he'd been born on a broom.
                             (MORE)
                                                    (CONTINUED)
           45.
52   CONTINUED:                                                    52
                              LETTER (LILY) (V.O.) (CONT'D)
                James says he's got the look of a
                Seeker, but then James would. We
                had a very quiet birthday tea,
                just us and old Bathilda, who
                dotes on Harry. Wormy dropped by
                late in the day, but seemed down
                and didn't stay long. James is
                frustrated being shut up here, but
                Dumbledore's still got his
                Invisibility Cloak, so he doesn't
                have much choice. By the way,
                Bathilda tells the most amazing
                stories about our old Headmaster.
                I don't know how much to believe.
                Can it really be true that
                Dumbledore --

     Harry turns the letter over, but there is no more.

                                  HERMIONE (O.S.)
               Harry!    Harry!


53   INT. SECOND FLOOR LANDING - MORNING                              53

     Harry steps out, finds Hermione dashing up the stairs.
     Seeing him, she exhales in relief. CALLS OUT:

                               HERMIONE
               Ron!    I've found him!

                               RON (O.S.)
               Good!    Tell him from me he's a
               git!

                             HERMIONE
               Harry, you can't just disappear.
               We thought --

     She stops as Harry hands her the letter.       She reads.

                             HERMIONE
               It's from your Mum. To Sirius.
               Bathilda Bagshot...?

                             HARRY
               Yeah. They knew her. She wrote A
               History of Magic, you know.

                             HERMIONE
                    (with irony)
               Did she now?



                                                        (CONTINUED)
          46.
53   CONTINUED:                                                   53

                             HARRY
               I'm thinking maybe we should go
               talk to her. She still lives in
               Godric's Hollow. I'm thinking
               maybe she could help us.

     Hermione looks up, regards Harry closely.

                             HERMIONE
               Harry. I can imagine why you'd
               want to go there, but... I don't
               think Bathilda Bagshot is going to
               know where Voldemort hid his
               Horcruxes.

     Harry starts to respond, frowns.   Hermione reaches out,
     touches his face lightly.

                            RON (O.S.)
               Hey! I think you two better come
               down here.


54   INT. FIRST FLOOR - MORNING (SECONDS LATER)                   54

     Ron peers out a curtain as Hermione and Harry join him.
     In the courtyard outside, TWO DARK figures stand near a
     tree. ANOTHER sits on a bench.

                             RON
               The two clinging to the tree are
               Death Eaters for sure. Dunno
               `bout the bloke on the bench.
                    (dropping the
                     curtain)
               Can't see us, of course. But
               we'll have to be careful coming
               and going. C'mon. There's
               something else you need to see.


55   INT. CORRIDOR/REGULUS' ROOM - MORNING (MOMENTS LATER)        55

     Harry and Hermione trail Ron to a narrow doorway. Beyond
     is a cramped bedroom, walls covered with EERIE scrawlings
     and symbols of Dark Magic.

                             HERMIONE
               Lovely.

     Ron pulls the door shut. Affixed to the outside is a
     SMALL SIGN, hand-lettered in a spidery crawl:

                         Do Not Enter

                                                    (CONTINUED)
         47.
55   CONTINUED:                                                  55

                 Without the Express Permission of
                       Regulus Arcturus Black

                             HERMIONE
               Regulus Arcturus Black...?

     Hermione GASPS. Ron nods, extends his hand and taps the
     first letter of each name on the sign.

                              RON
               R... A... B.


56   INT. KITCHEN - CLOSE ON THE LOCKET - MORNING (MOMENTS         56
     LATER)

     AS HARRY REMOVES THE NOTE.

                             HARRY
               To the Dark Lord. I know I will
               be dead long before you read
               this... I have stolen the real
               Horcrux and intend to destroy
               it...

                             RON
               R.A.B. was Sirius' brother?

     We see the trio from the strange LOW POV again, sitting
     round the kitchen table. SLOPPY STACKS of OLD DAILY
     PROPHETS surround them.

                             HERMIONE
               Yes. Question is, did he actually
               destroy the real Horcrux?

     Harry nods... then spots a SHADOW trembling on the wall
     just outside the kitchen. He scrambles up and out of
     sight.

                              HARRY (O.S.)
               Stop!   I order you!

     Seconds later, Harry reappears... dragging KREACHER the
     house-elf by one ear. Kreacher MUMBLES FOUL OATHS.

                              RON
               Kreacher...

                             HARRY
               Been spying on us, have you?




                                                     (CONTINUED)
         48.
56   CONTINUED:                                                  56

                             KREACHER
               Kreacher has been... watching.
               Kreacher always watches.

                             HERMIONE
               Maybe he knows.

     Harry glances at her, realizes what she means, takes the
     locket and dangles it before Kreacher's massive eyes like
     a hypnotist. Kreacher watches it sway back and forth.

                             HARRY
               Ever seen this before?

     Kreacher GRUMBLES incoherently.

                              HARRY
               Kreacher, I own this place.
               Sirius left it to me. Which means
               I own you too.

     Kreacher grimaces mightily, then gives in.

                             KREACHER
               That was Master Regulus' locket.

                              HARRY
               That's right. But there were two,
               weren't there?

     Kreacher's eyes widen in surprise.    He nods again.

                             HARRY
               Where's the other one?

                             KREACHER
               Kreacher doesn't know where the
               other locket is.

                             HERMIONE
               But was it here? Did you ever see
               it?

     Kreacher spins, his face ugly and vicious:

                             KREACHER
               Filthy Mudblood -- The Death
               Eaters will soon be coming for
               you!

     Ron snatches Kreacher by the neck, shakes him.

                             KREACHER
                    (gargling the words)
               Blood-traitor Weasley --
                                                      (CONTINUED)
            49.
56   CONTINUED: (2)                                                 56

                                HERMIONE
               Ron!   RON!

     Reluctantly, Ron releases the elf.

                                HARRY
               Answer her.

                             KREACHER
               Yes. It was here, in this house.
               A most evil object...

                             HARRY
               How do you mean?

                             KREACHER
               Before he died, Master Regulus
               ordered Kreacher to destroy it.
               It was the last thing he asked of
               Kreacher. But no matter how
               Kreacher tried, he could not..

                             HARRY
               Where is it now? Did someone take
               it, Kreacher?

                             KREACHER
                    (nodding)
               He came in the night. He took
               many things, including the locket.

                                HARRY
               Who, Kreacher?     Who was it?

                               KREACHER
               Mundungus.    Mundungus Fletcher.

     The trio glance at one another, then Harry turns back to
     Kreacher, looks him in the eye.

                                HARRY
               Find him.

     Crack! -- Kreacher VANISHES.       BEGIN MONTAGE:


57   INT. MINISTRY OF MAGIC - ATRIUM - DAY                             57

     PIUS THICKNESSE, the new Minister For Magic, stands just
     where his predecessor did, addressing his EMPLOYEES. In
     the b.g. we see Yaxley again and DOLORES UMBRIDGE.




                                                         (CONTINUED)
        49A.
57   CONTINUED:                                                 57

                             THICKNESSE
               As your new Minister for Magic, I
               promise to restore this temple of
               tolerance to its former glory.
               Therefore, beginning today, each
               employee will be required to
               submit themselves for evaluation.
               But know this: You have nothing
               to fear... as long as you have
               nothing to hide...




                                                   (CONTINUED)
          50.
57   CONTINUED: (2)                                               57

     As Thicknesse smiles, a GANG of DARK WIZARDS (SNATCHERS)
     emerge into the atrium, pushing a BLOODIED MAN before
     them. The crowd STIRS uneasily and we...


58   INT. ATRIUM - AFTERNOON                                      58

     ... watch a FLURRY of LEAFLETS flutter from the sky and
     land in a NEAT pile next to a stack of Daily Prophets.
     Instantly, the NEWSPAPER BOY begins to insert the
     leaflets into the paper. Each leaflet is imprinted with
     HARRY'S FACE and emblazoned with "UNDESIRABLE #1"...


59   EXT. COUNTRYSIDE - DUSK                                      59

     The HOGWARTS EXPRESS stands still upon the cracks as DARK
     WIZARDS board the train...


60   INT. HOGWARTS EXPRESS - SAME TIME - DUSK                     60

     Dark wizards move down the aisle, flinging open cabin
     doors, in search of Harry. They pass Ginny and SEAMUS,
     KATIE BELL, LAVENDER, ROMILDA VANE and CORMAC.

                             CORMAC
               My father will hear about this.

     Finally NEVILLE bars their way, smiles defiantly.

                             NEVILLE
               He's not here, you fools.


61   INT. GRANGER HOUSE - PARLOR - DUSK                           61

     Dark wizards smash through the front door, enter the
     parlor. The photographs still sit upon the mantle,
     showing only Hermione's parents, the tea they'd been
     drinking still sitting on the table, dried up, but
     unwashed...


62   EXT. DIAGON ALLEY - DUSK (RAINING)                           62

     POSTERS of HARRY pattern alley walls and street posts,
     trembling in a bitter wind. In the shadows, Mundungus
     Fletcher concludes a transaction with a desperate-looking
     witch, then begins to count his money with a cruel smile.
     Seconds later, a Snatcher squad appears and he withdraws
     into an alley, into the safety of the darkness when
     suddenly a loud CRACK! is head and... MONTAGE ENDS.
         51.


63   EXT. 12 GRIMMAULD PLACE - NIGHT (LATER, RAINING)            63

     DARK FIGURES continue to loom in the square.


64   INT. DRAWING ROOM - SAME TIME - NIGHT (RAINING)             64

     Ron fiddles with the RADIO, which WHISTLES EERILY as he
     attempts to find a signal. Harry lies on his side,
     studying the Snitch in his palm, its wings flapping
     slowly.

                             HERMIONE
               They have flesh memories.

     Harry turns, sees that Hermione is eyeing the Snitch.

                             HERMIONE
               Snitches. They're never touched
               by bare skin until the Seeker
               captures it. Even the wizard who
               fabricates it wears gloves. That
               way, if there's a dispute, the
               Snitch can identify who first
               touched it.

                             HARRY
               You mean... it remembers me?

                             HERMIONE
                    (nodding)
               When Scrimgeour first gave it to
               you, I thought it might open at
               your touch -- that Dumbledore had
               hidden something in it.

     Harry ponders this, eyeing the wings flapping slowly,
     then... Crack! A SOUND ECHOES down the hall.


65   INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER) (RAINING)              65

     Harry and Hermione race into the kitchen. CRAZY SHADOWS
     spill from a far door and POTS CRASH. Suddenly, a TINY
     FIGURE, WET AND RAGGED, tumbles INTO VIEW, bangs into the
     wall opposite, and scrambles up. As he starts back for
     the kitchen, he stops. Sees Harry. Smiles. DOBBY.

                               DOBBY
               Harry Potter!    So long it's been --

     Just then, a HAND -- Kreacher's -- reaches out, grabs
     Dobby by the neck and pulls him away.
         52.


66   INT. KITCHEN - SAME TIME - NIGHT (RAINING)                     66

     Kreacher, Dobby and Mundungus Fletcher TUMBLE from one
     side of the kitchen to the other. As they fly apart,
     Mundungus rolls to his feet, dripping wet, wand flashing.

                               HERMIONE
               Expelliarmus!

     Mundungus' wand soars into the air... into Hermione's
     hand.

                             KREACHER
               As requested, Kreacher has
               returned with the thief Mundungus
               Fletcher!

                             DOBBY
               Dobby has also returned with the
               thief Mundungus Fletcher!

                             MUNDUNGUS
               What are you playing at -- setting
               a pair of bleedin' `ouse-elves on
               me!

                             DOBBY
               Dobby was only trying to help!
               Dobby saw Kreacher in Diagon
               Alley, which Dobby thought was
               curious. And then Dobby heard
               Kreacher mention Harry Potter's
               name, which Dobby thought was very
               curious. And then Dobby saw that
               Kreacher was talking to the thief
               Mundungus Fletcher, which Dobby
               thought was very, very --

                             MUNDUNGUS
               I'm no thief, you foul little git.
               I'm a purveyer of rare and
               wondrous objects --

                             RON
               You're a thief, Dung.      Everyone
               knows it.

     Everyone turns.   Ron stands in the doorway.    Dobby
     smiles.

                             DOBBY
               Master Weasley! So good to see
               you again!

     Ron nods, eyes the BRIGHT RED SHOES on Dobby's feet.
                                                      (CONTINUED)
        53.
66   CONTINUED:                                                 66

                             RON
               Wicked trainers.

                             MUNDUNGUS
               Listen, I panicked that night, all
               right? I never volunteered to die
               for you, mate. Can I help it if
               Mad-Eye fell off his broom --

                              HERMIONE
               Stop lying!

     Hermione begins to move toward Mundungus. Ron reaches
     out, takes her by the shoulders, eyes Mundungus
     warningly.

                             RON
               Piece of advice. Let's not rehash
               old times. Got it... mate?

                             HARRY
               When you turned this place over --
               don't deny it! -- you found a
               locket, am I right?

                              MUNDUNGUS
               Why?   Was it valuable?

                             HERMIONE
               You've still got it.

                             RON
               No. He's worried he should have
               got more money for it.

                             MUNDUNGUS
               Wouldn't be difficult, would it?
               Bleedin' gave it away, din' I?
               There I was, pitching me wares in
               Diagon Alley when some ministry
               hag comes up and asks to see my
               license. Says she's of a mind to
               lock me up and would've, too, she
               hadn' taken a fancy to that
               locket.

                              HARRY
               Who was she?   This witch?

                             MUNDUNGUS
               Well, she's right there, in't she?
               Bleedin' bow an' all.



                                                    (CONTINUED)
            54.
66   CONTINUED: (2)                                                 66

     He points to a yellowed Prophet on top of a nearby stack,
     where a SQUAT WOMAN with the face of a toad blinks from
     the front page: DOLORES UMBRIDGE.


67   EXT. WHITEHALL STREET - MORNING                                 67

     An empty street corner. Then... Ron peers round a
     building. A few yards off, a WITCH (MAFALDA HOPKIRK)
     approaches. Ron begins to walk, preceding her down the
     street, then kneels, fiddling with his shoelace. Zap!
     The witch stiffens and falls... into the arms of Harry.
     Ron hurries back, takes her feet and...


68   INT. STORAGE AREA - CONTINUOUS ACTION - MORNING                 68

     ... helps Harry hustle her OUT OF VIEW. They prop her up
     between TWO WIZARDS, one tall, one short, both
     UNCONSCIOUS. Hermione is pouring POLYJUICE POTION into
     THREE CUPS.

                                RON
               Right.     So let's do it.   Who gets                      *
               who?                                                       *

                             HERMIONE                                     *
               Well, unless one of you fancies                            *
               wearing a skirt...                                         *

     Hermione leans down, PLUCKS a HAIR from the witch.     Ron           *
     frowns as he surveys the two remaining wizards.                      *

                             HERMIONE                                     *
               Remember what we said. Keep your                           *
               eyes down. Don't speak to anyone                           *
               unless absolutely necessary. Act                           *
               as normal as possible. Just do                             *
               what you see everyone else doing.                          *
               We do that -- and with a bit of                            *
               luck -- we get ourselves inside.                           *
               And then...                                                *

                             HARRY                                        *
               It gets really tricky.                                     *

                                HERMIONE                                  *
               Correct.                                                   *

     Harry and Hermione look once more at the STUNNED TRIO                *
     before them.

                             HARRY
               This is completely mental.

                                                       (CONTINUED)
        54A.
68   CONTINUED:                                                 68

                             HERMIONE
               Completely, utterly, without
               question.

                             RON
               The world's mental. Come on,                            *
               drink up. We've got a Horcrux to                        *
               find.                                                   *


69   EXT. WHITEHALL STREET - MORNING (MOMENTS LATER)              69

     The trio -- in their new identifies -- emerge. Ron (in
     the quise of REG CATTERMOLE) takes out an ID CARD.

                             REG CATTERMOLE/RON
               In case you're interested, I'm Reg
               Cattermole, Magical Maintenance
               Department.

                             MAFALDA HOPKIRK/HERMIONE
               Mafalda Hopkirk, assistant in the
               Improper Use of Magic Office.




                                                    (CONTINUED)
          55.
69   CONTINUED:                                                   69

                             ALBERT RUNCORN/HARRY
                    (patting his pockets)
               I'm nobody.

                             MAFALDA HOPKIRK/HERMIONE
               You're somebody. Be careful.

     Just then a SKINNY WIZARD strides by.

                                SKINNY WIZARD
               Morning, Reg!     Good luck today.

                              REG CATTERMOLE/RON
               Oh... yeah.   Thanks.

     Ron glances to Harry and Hermione, jerks his head toward
     the skinny wizard and they follow.


70   EXT. PUBLIC TOILETS - MORNING (MOMENTS LATER)                70

     As the skinny wizard drops down the stairs into a public
     toilet, the trio appear.

                             REG CATTERMOLE/RON
               What do you reckon he meant by
               `Good luck.'?


71   INT. GENTLEMEN'S TOILET - MORNING (SECONDS LATER)            71

     Harry and Ron enter, glance around, then, seeing as
     everyone else is doing so, slip into cubicles.


72   INT. CUBICLE                                                 72

     Harry enters. FLUSHING sounds all around him. He looks
     to his left, sees a PAIR OF BOOTED FEET climb into the
     next toilet, then looks to his right, sees Ron -- as Reg
     Cattermole -- peering in.

                             REG CATTERMOLE/RON
               We flush ourselves in?

                                ALBERT RUNCORN/HARRY
               Apparently so.

                             REG CATTERMOLE/RON
               That's bloody disgusting.

     As Reg/Ron's face disappears, Harry steps up onto his
     toilet, dips his shoe in gingerly, then withdraws it.
     Completely dry. Stepping in fully, he reaches up, pulls
     the chain and is instantly sucked down. Seconds later...
          56.


73   INT. MINISTRY OF MAGIC - ATRIUM - MORNING (SECONDS LATER)      73

     ... he comes shooting out of a FIREPLACE into the grand
     atrium of the Ministry of Magic. He sees Hermione's
     already arrived and standing before a MASSIVE STATUE of
     BLACK STONE depicting a witch and wizard sitting upon
     hundreds of naked bodies twisted in pain. Harry joins
     her.

                               ALBERT RUNCORN/HARRY
               Are those...?

                             MAFALDA HOPKIRK/HERMIONE
                    (nodding; with
                     disgust)
               Muggles. In their rightful place.

     Harry glances at the base of the statue, where the words
     MAGIC IS MIGHT are engraved. Just then, a BALDING WIZARD
     bumps into Harry.

                             BALDING WIZARD
               Move it, will you -- oh, Runcorn!
               Forgive me...

     The Balding Wizard hurries away, clearly frightened, as
     does ANOTHER WIZARD, merely at the sight of Harry.

                             MAFALDA HOPKIRK/HERMIONE
               You appear to be quite popular.

     Ron approaches, running a gauntlet of pitying looks from
     co-workers who echo the Skinny Wizard's "Good Luck."

                             REG CATTERMOLE/RON
               I gotta tell you, I'm starting to
               freak out a bit.

     Just then, a gang of YOUNG, ROUGH-LOOKING WIZARDS, led by
     their leader, SCABIOR, enter the Atrium, pushing along a
     small group of CAPTIVES.

                             ALBERT RUNCORN/HARRY
               The Ministry must be hiring young
               these days.

                             REG CATTERMOLE/RON
               They're not Ministry. They're
               Snatchers. They hunt Muggle-borns
               and blood-traitors for a price.

                             ALBERT RUNCORN/HARRY
               How long did you say this batch of
               Polyjuice Potion would last,
               Hermione?
                                                      (CONTINUED)
         57.
73   CONTINUED:                                                  73

                                MAFALDA HOPKIRK/HERMIONE
               I didn't.

                                YAXLEY
               Cattlemole!

     They all jump.   Yaxley strides directly up to Ron.

                             YAXLEY
               It's still raining in my office.
               Two days now.

                            REG CATTERMOLE/RON
               Really? Have you tried an
               umbrella?

     Yaxley eyes Ron curiously, then leans forward menacingly.

                             YAXLEY
               You do realize I'm on my way
               downstairs, don't you, Cattermole?

                                REG CATTERMOLE/RON
               Downstairs...?

                             YAXLEY
               To interrogate your wife! If my
               wife's blood status were in doubt
               and the Head of the Department of
               Magical Law Enforcement needed a
               job doing, I think I'd make it a
               priority. You've got one hour.

     Just then, the LIFT behind them clangs open. Hermione
     tugs Ron inside. Yaxley turns and storms off just as...


74   INT. LIFT - CONTINUOUS ACTION - MORNING                        74

     ... the doors close.

                             REG CATTERMOLE/RON
               Oh my god. What am I going to do?
               My wife's all alone downstairs?

                              ALBERT RUNCORN/HARRY
               Ron.   You don't have a wife.

                                REG CATTERMOLE/RON
               Oh.    Right.

                             ALBERT RUNCORN/HARRY
               Look, we'll go with you --


                                                      (CONTINUED)
          58.
74   CONTINUED:                                                   74

                             REG CATTERMOLE/RON
               No, that's mad. You two find
               Umbridge. I'll be fine. But how
               do I stop it raining?

                             MAFALDA HOPKIRK/HERMIONE
               Try Finite Incantatem. Of course
               if something's gone wrong with an
               Atmospheric Charm --

                             FEMALE (V.O.)
               Level Two. Department of Magical
               Law Enforcement, including
               Wizengamot Administration
               Services, Auror Headquarters and
               Improper Use of Magic Department.

                              MAFALDA HOPKIRK/HERMIONE
               This is you.


75   INT./EXT. LIFT - LEVEL TWO - CONTINUOUS ACTION - MORNING     75

     The lift opens and Ron begins to back out.

                             REG CATTERMOLE/RON
               Finite Incantatem, okay. And if
               that doesn't work...?

     But before she can respond the golden grilles of the lift
     close and she and Harry are swept away.

                             MAFALDA HOPKIRK/HERMIONE
               I don't like him being on his own
               down there.

                             ALBERT RUNCORN/HARRY
               Ron's been coming here since he
               was two years old. It's us you
               should be worrying about.

                              MAFALDA HOPKIRK/HERMIONE
               You really have horrible teeth,
               you know that.

                             FEMALE (V.O.)
               Level One. Minister of Magic and
               Support Staff...




                                                    (CONTINUED)
         59.
75   CONTINUED:                                                  75

                             ALBERT RUNCORN/HARRY
                    (whispering quickly)
               I say if we don't locate Umbridge
               within the hour, we go find Ron
               and come back another day. Deal?

     The grilles clang open again and Harry and Hermione
     freeze.


76   INT. LIFT - LEVEL ONE - CONTINUOUS ACTION - MORNING         76

     Standing next to a LONG-HAIRED WIZARD, her neck enwrapped
     in a fuzzy PINK SCARF, is DOLORES UMBRIDGE. She looks up
     from the clipboard in her hand and sees Hermione.

                              UMBRIDGE
               Ah, Mafalda! Travers sent you,
               did he? Good. We'll go straight
               down.
                     (eying Harry)
               Albert, aren't you getting out?

     Harry nods mutely, steps out. As the lift descends, he
     watches Hermione's anxious face sink out of sight.


77   INT. MINISTRY OF MAGIC - LEVEL ONE - MORNING (MOMENTS       77
     LATER)

     Harry passes one gleaming door after anther, glancing
     down purple-carpeted corridors that stretch into
     nothingness. A MUTTERING WIZARD passes by, murmuring to
     a QUILL floating in front of him. Otherwise, it is
     eerily quiet.

                             YOUNG WIZARD (O.S.)
               Weasley!

     Harry stops dead, peers around a corner and sees a
     slight, familiar-looking RED-HEADED WIZARD: PERCY
     WEASLEY.

                             YOUNG WIZARD
               They're waiting for your report
               downstairs.

                             PERCY WEASLEY
               Oh, yes... of course.

     Harry watches Percy hurry off.
         60.


78   INT. CORRIDOR - MORNING (MOMENTS LATER)                     78

     Harry moves on. Hears VOICES ahead. Emerges into a wide
     open space and discovers dozens of witches and wizards
     sitting at a sea of small desks. Waving their wands in
     unison, squares of PINK PAPER flit like kites through the
     air, dropping into neat stacks. Harry creeps closer,
     sees that they are pamphlets entitled, "MUDBLOODS and the
     Dangers They Pose to a Peaceful Pure-Blood Society."

                             RED-HAIRED WITCH
               Reckon the old hag will be
               interrogating Mudbloods all day?

                               BESPECTACLED WIZARD
               Sh...careful.

     Pius Thicknesse appears, trailing a retinue of lackeys.

                               THICKNESSE
               Runcorn.

     Harry returns Thicknesse's nod, watches him pass FROM
     VIEW. As his gaze shifts, he finds the Red-Haired Witch
     regarding him with fear. She looks quickly away, resumes
     her work at double-time. Harry's eyes shift again,
     regard a SHINING MAHOGANY DOOR across the way. He
     squints: something is imbedded within the door. He
     crosses the room, stops dead. Fitted into the wood is an
     EYE. It spins weakly, then stops: Mad-Eye's eye. He
     looks down to the BRASS NAMEPLATE next to the door:

                          DOLORES UMBRIDGE
          HEAD OF THE MUGGLE-BORN REGISTRATION COMMISSION

     Harry's jaw tightens in anger and he glances over his
     shoulder, sees the Red-Haired Witch watching him. She
     glances away quickly. Harry reaches into an inner pocket
     and removes a DECOY DETONATOR, an odd object with little
     weaving legs and a rubber-bulbed horn for a body. He
     releases it.

     It scuttles down his body, across the floor and directly
     into the sea of desks. Harry waits. Then... Bang!
     Black smoke billows into the air, pink pages fly
     everywhere and the Detonator gives birth to dozens of
     tiny replicants of itself, which race about the floor, up
     the legs and across the desks of the pamphleteers. The
     Red-Haired Witch SHRIEKS. Others follow and Harry...
         60A.


79   INT. UMBRIDGE'S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS ACTION - MORNING           79

     ... slips into Umbridge's office, closes the door. The
     room's decor is sickeningly cute. Lace doilies. Dried
     flowers. Harry takes out his wand.

                               ALBERT RUNCORN/HARRY
               Accio locket.




                                                      (CONTINUED)
          61.
79   CONTINUED:                                                   79

     Nothing. Harry frowns, glances    about. A LEAFLET bearing
     his face -- "Undesirable #1" --   lies upon Umbridge's
     desk, along with PHOTOGRAPHS of   other Order members. Two
     have a LARGE PINK "X" scratched   on them: Dumbledore and
     Mad-Eye.

     Harry begins to search the office, opening drawers,
     riffling through filing cabinets... then stops. Pulls
     out a file. Inside is a PHOTOGRAPH of Hermione and an
     accompanying DATA SHEET: "Blood Status: MUGGLE BORN"
     "Whereabouts: Last seen in the company of Undesirable
     #1." Quickly Harry replaces the file and searches out
     Ron's. "Blood Status: PURE BLOOD... Pro-Muggle
     leanings." "Whereabouts: Last seen in the company of
     Undesirable #1." Harry starts to put the file away, then
     pauses, looks closer. "Father: Arthur Weasley.
     Ministry Employee. Status: TRACKED. Strong likelihood
     Undesirable #1 will contact." Harry stares at the word
     "TRACKED." Then:

                             BALDING WIZARD (O.S.)
               All right, all right. Let's calm
               down, shall we?

     Harry replaces the file, steps to the door and peers
     through. Slowly, he eases open the door, back out and...


80   INT. MINISTRY OF MAGIC - LEVEL ONE - CONTINUOUS ACTION -     80
     MORNING

     ... turns. The Red-Haired Witch is watching him.    He
     puts his finger to his lips. Her eyes go wide as
     saucers.

                             BALDING WIZARD
               It probably just snuck up here
               from Experimental Charms. I think
               none of us will soon forget last
               month's Poisonous Duck...

     Seeing the Red-Haired Witch's expression, the Balding
     Wizard turns and, as before, withers at the sight of
     Harry.

                             BALDING WIZARD
               R-Runcorn.

     Harry gives him an appraising look, turns the corner...


81   INT. HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS ACTION - MORNING                   81

     ... and dashes off.
          62.


82   INT. LEVEL ONE - OUTSIDE LIFTS - MORNING (MOMENTS LATER)       82

     Harry sprints INTO VIEW just as the same MUTTERING WIZARD
     trails his QUILL out of an empty lift.


83   INT. LIFT - MORNING                                            83

     Harry races inside, hits a button and watches the grilles
     close. He glances at his reflection in the mirrored
     wall. Bares his teeth. Hermione's right. They're
     awful. Just then, the grilles clang open and Ron enters,
     soaking wet and wild-eyed.

                               REG CATTERMOLE/RON
               M-morning.

                               ALBERT RUNCORN/HARRY
               Ron, it's me.

                            REG CATTERMOLE/RON
               Harry! Blimey, I forgot what you
               looked like. Where's Hermione?

                             ALBERT RUNCORN/HARRY
               She went down to the courtrooms
               with Umbridge --

     The grilles open again and reveal... Arthur Weasley, in
     the company of an elderly witch (WAKINDA).

                             ARTHUR WEASLEY
               I understand, Wakinda, but I can't
               be a party to that.

     Arthur stops then, seeing Harry, and regards him with
     utter disdain, then turns his eyes to Ron and softens.

                             ARTHUR WEASLEY
               Hello, Reg. Isn't Mary in for
               questioning today? Try to have
               faith. If there's anything Molly
               and I can do for you --

     Arthur pats Ron's shoulder, stops.   Pulls his dripping
     hand away.

                             WAKINDA
               Let me guess. It's raining in
               Yaxley's office again?

                             ARTHUR WEASLEY
               Tell him to try an umbrella.


                                                      (CONTINUED)
         63.
83   CONTINUED:                                                  83

     Arthur and Wakinda exit. As they go, Ron cranes his
     neck, watching with a look of longing as the grilles
     begin to close. Suddenly, Harry reaches out, blocks the
     doors.

                             ALBERT RUNCORN/HARRY
               Arthur! You know you're being
               tracked, don't you?

     Arthur turns.

                             ARTHUR WEASLEY
               Is that a threat, Runcorn?

                             ALBERT RUNCORN/HARRY
               No, Arthur. It's a fact. They're
               watching you.

     Arthur eyes Harry with a mixture of suspicion and
     confusion and perhaps... recognition. Harry removes his
     hand. The grilles close. Ron stares at him.

                             ALBERT RUNCORN/HARRY
               I'll tell you later. Let's find
               Hermione.


84   INT. PASSAGEWAY - MORNING (MOMENTS LATER)                   84

     Harry and Ron move down a dark torch-lit stone
     passageway. As they move further along, their BREATH
     becomes VISIBLE and Ron, soaked to the bones, begins to
     tremble.

                             REG CATTERMOLE/RON
               Bloody cold down here.

     Then they see. Swirling outside the courtroom doors like
     sentinels are tall black-hooded figures. DEMENTORS.
     Just then, a man comes stumbling out of the courtroom in
     the company of a PAIR of DEATH EATERS.

                             SCARED MAN
               I'm half-blood, I tell you! My
               father was a wizard! Look him up!
               William Alderton! He worked here
               for thirty years...

     As Ron watches the terrified man pass, Harry grabs his
     arm, pulls him toward the courtroom.
             64.


85   INT. COURTROOM - SAME TIME - MORNING                            85

     A dark cathedral, possessed of a palpable chill.
     Dementors float eerily in the gloom. The ceiling
     stretches high, disappears in darkness. As Harry and Ron
     enter -- unnoticed at first -- they move cautiously,
     taking in their surroundings. Hermione comes INTO VIEW,
     sitting with a STACK of PARCHMENT behind a balustrade
     alongside Umbridge and Yaxley, while a BRIGHT-SILVER CAT
     -- Umbridge's Patronus -- prowls up and down, providing
     warmth to them and them only. Harry's eyes track the
     cat, then drift to Umbridge herself. Suddenly he
     falters. Ron notices. Eyes him curiously. WHISPERS:

                              REG CATTERMOLE/RON
               What is it?

     The corners of Harry's eyes contract, his head slightly
     cocked... as if he can sense the presence of something.

                              ALBERT RUNCORN/HARRY
               It's here...

     As Ron reacts -- deciphering Harry's words -- a WOMAN'S
     VOICE comes their way:

                              MARY CATTERMOLE
               Reg...

     Ron turns. Below the balustrade, a frail woman, MARY
     CATTERMOLE, sits alone, wrists chained. Seeing Ron, her
     wan face brightens. Ron glances at Harry, who nods,
     urging him on. Ron moves to the center of the room,
     taking his place behind the woman. Hesitating, he places
     his hands gently upon her shoulders, then glances up,
     sees Hermione watching him.

                             UMBRIDGE
               Mary Elizabeth Cattermole?

                              MARY CATTERMOLE
               Yes.

                             UMBRIDGE
               Mother to Maisie, Ellie and
               Alfred? Wife to Reginald?

     Mary looks up to Ron, her eyes glistening with fear.     He
     smiles reassuringly. She looks away, replies:

                              MARY CATTERMOLE
               Yes.



                                                     (CONTINUED)
         64A.
85   CONTINUED:                                                  85

     Harry eyes Umbridge. She has draped the pink scarf over
     her chair, revealing a GOLD CHAIN that extends from her
     neck down into the ruffled folds of her blouse.

     A slight HUMMING, faint and oddly lyrical, rings in
     Harry's ears as he studies the chain. As if drawn
     forward by some irresistible force, he begins to drift
     toward the balustrade.

                             UMBRIDGE
               A wand was taken from you upon
               your arrival at the Ministry
               today, Mrs. Cattermole. Is this
               that wand?

     Umbridge displays a CHERRYWOOD WAND.   Mary Cattermole
     nods.

                             UMBRIDGE
               Would you please tell the court
               from which witch or wizard you
               took this wand.




                                                    (CONTINUED)
          65.
85   CONTINUED: (2)                                               85

                             MARY CATTERMOLE
               But I didn't take it. I got it in
               Diagon Alley, at Ollivander's,
               when I was eleven. It chose me.

     Umbridge leans forward, teeth glittering as the cat
     slinks by and briefly illuminates her face -- and the
     chain at her neck trembles like a snake, something heavy
     swinging forward and dangling over the void.

     The LOCKET.

     Ron stares at it dumbstruck. Hermione catches her
     breath. Harry, fully removed from the shadow now, stands
     clearly in view, the corners of his eyes narrowing once
     again, the HUM growing louder in his ears. Slowly, he
     reaches into his pocket...

                             UMBRIDGE
               No, no, I don't think so, Mrs.
               Cattermole. Wands only choose
               witches. And you are not a witch.

                             MARY CATTERMOLE
               But I am! Tell them, Reg! Tell
               them what I am!

     Ron starts to speak, but Umbridge's gaze has shifted, to
     Harry, to the wand rising in his hand.. and pointed at
     her.

                             UMBRIDGE
               What the devil are you doing,
               Albert?

     As Harry speaks, his own face ripples through Runcorn's,
     the Polyjuice Potion wearing off.

                             ALBERT RUNCORN/HARRY
               You're lying. And one mustn't
               tell lies, Dolores... Stupefy!

     A flash of red light hits Umbridge and she slumps,
     forehead striking the balustrade. Instantly the silver
     cat vanishes. Yaxley draws his wand, but Ron is too
     quick and takes him out with a single blast. Hermione
     strips the locket from Umbridge's neck and leaps down.
     Instantly, her breath comes in plumes as the Dementors
     drift forward.

                             ALBERT RUNCORN/HARRY
               EXPETO PATRONUM!

     A SILVER STAG soars from the tip of Harry's wand,
     circling the room as it drives the Dementors back.
                                                    (CONTINUED)
          65A.
85   CONTINUED: (3)                                               85

                             HERMIONE
               Relashio!

     The chains encircling Mary Cattermole's wrists drop like
     dead snakes. As she stands, she eyes Harry in amazement
     as he transforms back into himself.




                                                   (CONTINUED)
          66.
85   CONTINUED: (4)                                               85

                            MARY CATTERMOLE
               You? It's you! Reg, it's Harry
               Potter!

                              REG CATTERMOLE/RON
               `Tis, isn't it? This'll be one to
               tell the kids.


86   INT. MINISTRY OF MAGIC - ATRIUM - MORNING (MOMENTS LATER)     86

     As the trio, along with Mary Cattermole, pelts into the
     atrium and races toward the fireplaces, Harry bumps into
     the muttering wizard, who spins, takes a look at Harry,
     blinks.

                             MUTTERING WIZARD
               Harry Potter...?
                    (louder)
               Harry Potter.

     Another wizard hears, looks, then repeats the same,
     Harry's name spreading like wildfire in the gloomy hush.
     Hermione glances about nervously and as she does, begins
     to transform back into herself.

                             HERMIONE
               Harry... they've seen you.   We've
               got to get out of here.

     Harry nods, quickens his pace. Ron glances about, then
     turns, facing Mary as he continues to walk backwards.

                             REG CATTERMOLE/RON
               Mary. Go home. Get the kids.
               I'll... I'll meet you there. We
               have to get out the country,
               understand?

     Mary shakes her head, confused.

                              REG CATTERMOLE/RON
               Mary!   Do as I say!

     Mary stops, a bit teary-eyed, nods dutifully.   Ron
     frowns.

                              REG CATTERMOLE/RON
               I'm sorry.   It's just --

     Mary Cattermole takes him by the collar, pulls him into a
     deep kiss. Harry and Hermione glance back and watch as
     Ron transforms -- during the kiss -- back into himself.


                                                     (CONTINUED)
          67.
86   CONTINUED:                                                   86

                              REG CATTERMOLE
               MARY!

     All eyes turn. The real Reg Cattermole stands --
     robeless -- outside one of the fireplaces. She looks up
     at Ron, now transformed, and jumps back.

                              RON
               Long story.   Nice meeting you.

     He gives her a peck, races off. He's halfway to the
     fireplaces when he spies... Percy. He slows, then stops
     altogether, and they stare, wordless, at one another.
     Finally, Percy begins to open his mouth --

                              RON
               Piss off.

     Yaxley staggers into the atrium.

                             YAXLEY
               Seal the exits! Now!

     Harry, Ron and Hermione glance at each other, break for
     the fireplaces. As Yaxley fires on them, one fireplace
     after another seals itself. As they reach the last open
     grate, they pitch themselves -- as one -- onto the
     polished marble floor -- spells sailing over their heads
     -- and go sliding inside. As they fall into darkness,
     Harry glances back and watches Yaxley pitch himself into
     the void just before a solid block of granite drops --
     like a guillotine -- sealing the fireplace and plunging
     Yaxley -- and the trio -- into total darkness.

     A whirlwind tosses the trio as FLASHES of LIGHT reveal
     each briefly, including Yaxley, who reaches out for
     Hermione's robe. The door of Grimmauld Place rushes
     forward, the eyes of the SERPENT KNOCKER flashing, then
     there is a BURST of PURPLE LIGHT, a TORTURED SCREAM
     and...


87   EXT. FOREST - DAY (MOMENTS LATER)                            87

     The world spins as Harry lies on his back on a bed of
     leaves and twigs. Above, sunlight streams through a
     canopy of trees. Wincing, Harry rises on his elbows,
     sees the locket lying in the dirt. He scrabbles up,
     scoops it into his fingers and GRINS.

                             HERMIONE
               Harry, quickly, in my bag, there's
               a small bottle labeled `Essence of
               Dittany.'

                                                    (CONTINUED)
           68.
87   CONTINUED:                                                    87

     Harry turns, sees Hermione, bent over Ron's twitching
     body.

                                HERMIONE
               Quickly!

     Harry blinks, stumbles dizzily to the bag. As he reaches
     in, objects present themselves in furious succession.

                                HARRY
               Accio Dittany.

     A small BROWN BOTTLE lands in his palm.

                                HERMIONE
               Unstopper it.

     Hermione rips open Ron's shirt, which is soaked in blood.
     The flesh of his upper arm is flayed, as if someone had
     scooped a portion away.

                              HARRY
               Hermione.   His arm --

                                HERMIONE
               Just do it!

     Harry does so, hands her the bottle. She sprinkles three
     drops onto Ron's BLEEDING WOUND. Greenish SMOKE billows.

                             HARRY
               What happened? I thought we were
               going back to Grimmauld Place.

                             HERMIONE
               We were. We were there. But
               Yaxley had hold of me. I knew we
               couldn't stay once he'd seen, so
               when he let go I brought us here.
               Ron got Splinched. I'm... sorry.

                             HARRY
               Don't be stupid.

     The smoke sifts, clears.    Ron's wound no longer bleeds.

                             HERMIONE
               It's all I feel safe doing.

     Hermione rises, takes out her wand and begins to walk in
     a wide circle, MUTTERING.

                             HERMIONE
               Salvio Hexia... Protego Totalum...

                                                     (CONTINUED)
        69.
87   CONTINUED: (2)                                             87

                             HARRY
               What're you doing?

                             HERMIONE
               Protective enchantments. I don't
               fancy another visit like we had on
               Shaftesbury Avenue, do you?
               Especially with Ron like this.
               You can get going on the tent...

                            HARRY
               Tent? Where am I supposed to
               find --

     He stops, glances down at her bag, then back to Hermione.

                             HERMIONE
               Repello Muggletum... Muffliato...


88   EXT. FOREST - NIGHT (LATER)                                   88

     The tent glows from within under a starlit sky.


89   INT. TENT - SAME TIME - NIGHT                                 89

     Hermione pours tea from a kettle into cups.

                             HERMIONE
               How're the mushrooms? Seem to be
               the only edible things growing
               round here.

     Harry grimaces as he chews.    "Edible" is clearly
     debatable.

                                HARRY
               They're great.

                             HERMIONE
               Make sure to leave some for Ron.

                             HARRY
                    (under his breath)
               No problem.

     Harry sets his plate aside, plucks up the locket, dangles
     it in the firelight. Glances at Ron.

                                HARRY
               How bad is he?



                                                     (CONTINUED)
        70.
89   CONTINUED:                                                 89

                             HERMIONE
               He'll be alright in a few days.
               Hopefully. If we could take him
               to Hogwarts, to Madam Pomfrey --

     Harry's glance stops her, confirming what she knows.

                             HERMIONE
               So where do we go next?

                             HARRY
               Dumbledore had a theory. He felt
               that the Horcruxes would not be
               made out of random objects. And
               he felt they wouldn't be hidden
               randomly either. We know of three
               so far. The ring, which according
               to Dumbledore belonged to Tom
               Riddle's grandfather. The diary,
               which belonged to Tom himself. And
               this, which -- again, according to
               Dumbledore -- belonged to his
               mother.

     Hermione eyes the locket as it glimmers in the firelight.

                             HERMIONE
               It scares me a bit, that, thinking
               it's a piece of Vol--

                              RON
               No, don't!   Don't say it!

     Harry and Hermione turn, see Ron stirring.

                             RON
               It's taboo -- You-Know-Who's name.
               That's how they track people now.
               It's how they found us in the cafe
               that night.

                             HARRY
               How d'you know?

                             RON
               I overheard a bloke from the
               Enforcement office talking about
               it at the Ministry. Blimey,
               what's that smell?

                             HERMIONE
                    (no longer confident)
               Dinner?


                                                    (CONTINUED)
         71.
89   CONTINUED: (2)                                              89

                             RON
               Not bloody likely. Smells like
               something Ginny would cook.

                                HERMIONE
               Tea?

     Ron nods. Grimacing, he pushes himself up, notices he's
     wearing a SLING of Hermione's fashioning. He looks from
     it to her as she tends the tea, a flicker of remorse
     playing over his face for his "dinner" remarks.

                                RON
               Is that it?

     Harry nods, hands him the locket. Ron turns it over in
     his hand. Frowns. Looks at Harry, who nods.

                             HARRY
               I know. I felt it too.
                    (off Hermione's look)
               It's... it's like it's ticking or
               something, like it has a tiny
               metal heart, like it's --

                                RON
               ... alive.

     Harry nods.   Hermione eyes it coldly.

                               HERMIONE
               I hate it.    It's like he's here
               with us.

                             HARRY
               That's why we're going to kill it.


90   EXT. FOREST - CLOSE ON LOCKET - DAY                          90

     LYING UPON A TREE STUMP.

     Ron leans against a tree, looking pale.   Hermione nods to
     Harry. He raises his wand.

                                HARRY
               Dissendium!

     The locket spins swiftly in place, but remains whole.

                                HERMIONE
               Incendio!

     Flames engulf the locket and its metal flesh turns
     scarlet, but then the flames die.
                                                    (CONTINUED)
        71A.
90   CONTINUED:                                                 90

                             HARRY
               Expulso!




                                                   (CONTINUED)
          72.
90   CONTINUED: (2)                                               90

     The tree stump EXPLODES, but the locket remains unmarked.

                             HERMIONE
               Confringo!

     The ground beneath the stump craters, but the locket
     remains untouched. Hermione lowers her wand, but Harry
     continues on, firing a succession of spells, looking
     almost possessed. Hermione studies him oddly until,
     finally, he stops. All goes silent except for the leaves
     shifting in wind above. Then, slowly, another sound
     comes clear... a TICKING. Coming from the locket.

                             RON
               It's angry.

     Hermione shivers. Harry steps forward, kneels down and
     takes the locket by its chain. It TICKS. He slings it
     over his neck. Rises.

                             HERMIONE
               What're you doing?

                             HARRY
               We have to keep it safe until we
               can figure out how to destroy it.

                             HERMIONE
               I can put it in my bag --

                             HARRY
               No.

                             RON
               Seems strange, mate. Dumbledore
               sends you off to find a load of
               Horcruxes, but doesn't bother to
               tell you how to destroy them.
               Doesn't that bother you?

     Harry studies the locket, whose TICKING has slowed, then
     walks off. Hermione eyes Ron, who returns her glance,
     then pushes away from the tree and walks off slowly in
     the opposite direction.


91   INT. TENT - DUSK                                             91

     Ron lies on his cot, fiddling with the radio.   VOICES
     surface in the STATIC briefly, then fade.
        73.


92   EXT. ENCAMPMENT - SAME TIME - DUSK                           92

     Harry turns the MIRROR SHARD over in his fingers, then
     eyes Hermione collecting flowers in the distance. She
     looks beautiful. Seeing him, she smiles, waves, moves
     on. The RADIO SPITS STATIC and he TILTS THE MIRROR so he
     can see Ron. He looks annoyed, but holds his tongue and
     slips the mirror in his pocket. Noticing the locket, he
     slips it from his shirt, studies the fissures in the
     locket's metal skin. Suddenly he WINCES. The locket
     spills from his palm, dances upon the chain. The SKIN
     encircling his scar CONSTRICTS.

                              VOLDEMORT (V.O.)
               Tell me, Gregorovitch. Tell me
               where it is...


93   INT. WANDSHOP - BACK ROOM - NIGHT                            93

     An OLD MAN (GREGOROVITCH) with pure-white hair and a
     bushy beard cowers in a dark corner.

                             GREGOROVITCH
               I told you! I no longer have it!
               It was stolen from me! Many years
               ago!

                             VOLDEMORT
               You wouldn't be lying to me, would
               you, Gregorovitch? Because, I
               must tell you... that will only
               make it worse for you...

     As a bony hand -- Voldemort's -- extends a wand,
     Gregorovitch reacts with fear and we RUSH IN, DRIFTING
     THROUGH his dilating pupil INTO...


94   FLASHBACK - INT. DARK CORRIDOR - YEARS PAST                  94

     ... a hall of shadows. A younger Gregorovitch hurries
     toward a distant room, a lantern bobbing in his hand.

                             GREGOROVITCH (V.O.)
               I speak the truth! I remember
               like it was yesterday...


95   INT. WORKSHOP - CONTINUOUS ACTION                            95

     Gregorovitch bursts inside, lantern swaying.   Wood
     shavings litter the floor.


                                                    (CONTINUED)
            74.
95   CONTINUED:                                                     95

     On the window ledge, perched like a giant bird, a YOUNG
     MAN (GRINDEWALD) with golden hair grins devilishly, then
     raises his WAND. A BLAST of LIGHT bleaches the screen
     and we --

                                                          CUT TO:


96   INT. WANDSHOP - BACK ROOM - NIGHT (PRESENT)                    96

     Gregorovitch's face stricken with terror, as Voldemort's
     want tip blazes with light.

                              VOLDEMORT
               Who was he?   The thief?

                             GREGOROVITCH
               Just a boy! Not of the village.
               It was he who took it. I never
               saw it again. I swear on my life.

                             VOLDEMORT
               I believe you...

     A BURST OF GREEN LIGHT engulfs the room and...


97   EXT. TENT - DUSK                                               97

     Harry's eyes flutter open. He sees Hermione, beautiful
     in the amber dusk, standing a bit away, studying him.

                             HERMIONE
               I thought it had stopped.

     Harry looks at her, shakes his head.

                             HERMIONE
               You can't let him in, Harry.
               Dumbledore himself said it. You
               have to close your mind. It's too
               dangerous --

                             HARRY
               It's not a candle I can blow out,
               Hermione. It always burns, even
               if it's just a flicker. Can you
               understand that?

     Harry eyes her, then looks away.     She frowns, concerned
     by this, then:

                              HERMIONE
               Tell me.   What you saw.

                                                      (CONTINUED)
        74A.
97   CONTINUED:                                                 97

                             HARRY
               He's found him. Vol--

     He stops, glancing back toward the tent, toward Ron.

                             HARRY
               You-Know-Who. He's found
               Gregorovitch --

                                HERMIONE
               The wandmaker?

                              HARRY
               Yes.   How'd you know?

                             HERMIONE
               Viktor got his wand from
               Gregorovitch. Most Durmstrang
               students did at one time. What's
               he got to do with You-Know-Who?




                                                   (CONTINUED)
           75.
97   CONTINUED: (2)                                                97

                             HARRY
               You-Know-Who wants something
               Gregorovitch once had -- dunno
               what. But he's desperate to have
               it. It's as if his life depends
               on it.

     Hermione studies Harry. The RADIO SQUAWKS from inside
     the tent. Harry's eyes flare; he starts to speak --

                             HERMIONE
               Don't -- It... comforts him.

                             HARRY
               Well it sets my teeth on edge.
               What's he expecting to hear? Good
               news?

                             HERMIONE
               I think he just hopes he doesn't
               hear bad news. It gets him
               through the day.

                             HARRY
               And what gets you through the day?

                             HERMIONE
               We've all made sacrifices, Harry.

     Harry eyes her expressionlessly, nods toward the tent.

                             HARRY
               How long before he can travel?

                             HERMIONE
               I don't know. It takes time.     I'm
               doing all I can.

                             HARRY
               You're not doing enough.

     Hermione studies Harry's angry profile.    Then:

                              HERMIONE
               Take it off.

     Harry turns, sees Hermione studying him closely.      She
     points toward his throat, toward the locket.

                              HERMIONE
               Take it off.   Now.

     Harry slips the locket off... REACTS.


                                                        (CONTINUED)
            76.
97    CONTINUED: (3)                                                97

                              HERMIONE
                Better?

                              HARRY
                Loads.

      Hermione takes the locket, cradles it in her fingers.

                              HERMIONE
                It's cold. Even though it's been
                lying against your skin for days.

      Hermione sees Harry studying the locket, troubled.

                              HERMIONE
                We'll take turns. Okay?

      Hermione slips it over her neck. She frowns briefly,
      sensing its presence, then looks up at Harry. He studies
      her, then nods.


98    INT. TENT - NIGHT (LATER)                                     98

      Ron sleeps beside the CRACKLING radio.   Harry lies a few
      feet away, awake.


99    EXT. TENT - SAME TIME - NIGHT                                 99

      Hermione huddles outside in the frigid darkness,
      trembling. Her eyes rake the trees. Deep within, there
      is, for the briefest of instances... movement. Or so it
      seems. She squints. Sees nothing. Returns her chin to
      her chest. As she does, something carries on the air...
      laughter. The cackle of... boys? Or so it seems. Her
      chin rises. She looks again into the trees...


100   INT. TENT - SAME TIME - NIGHT                                100

      Harry reaches out, starts to turn the radio off when:

                              RADIO (V.O.)
                ... Severus Snape, newly appointed
                Headmaster of Hogwarts...

      As the signal fades, Harry rolls onto his side and twists
      the dial. Behind him, we see Hermione's shadow RISE,
      move away from the tent...


101   EXT. ENCAMPMENT - SAME TIME - NIGHT                          101

      Hermione moves toward the trees...
           77.


102   INT. TENT - SAME TIME - NIGHT                               102

      As the radio resists him, fading in and out, Harry grabs
      his rucksack, pulls out the WRINKLED MARAUDER'S MAP.

                              RADIO (V.O.)
                ... bears little resemblance to
                the school under Dumbledore's
                leadership. Snape's curriculum is
                severe, reflecting the wishes of
                the Dark Lord and infractions are
                dealt with harshly by the two
                Death Eaters on the staff...

      Harry peers at the map before him and -- sure enough --
      discovers Snape's name drifting about Dumbledore's
      office.


103   EXT. TREES - SAME TIME - NIGHT                              103

      Hermione moves deeper into the trees, then stops.
      SHADOWS splinter amid the towering trunks and VOICES come
      clearer. Standing utterly still, Hermione watches as a
      GANG of SNATCHERS make their way in her direction. They
      look unwashed and feral, as if they've been in the wild
      for some time. As they pass, within feet of her, but
      unable to see her, only Hermione's eyes track their
      passage. As before Scabior leads the way, FENRIR
      GREYBACK at his side. Abruptly, Scabior stops, eyes
      narrowing.

                               SCABIOR
                What's that?   That... smell?

      The others glance about dumbly. Scabior retraces his
      steps until he stands directly in front of Hermione, his
      eyes looking right through her. He leans forward ever-so-
      slightly, only inches from her neck, NOSTRILS FLARING.
      The locket TICKS, trembling upon Hermione's breastbone.
      Then, slowly, Scabior pulls back, eyes probing the
      darkness, before withdrawing, leading the others away.
      The last pair drag what appear to be BODIES.

      As they vanish within the trees, Hermione finally
      swallows.

                               HARRY (O.S.)
                Snatchers.

      She spins, finds Harry standing a few feet off.

                              HARRY
                Good to know your enchantments
                work.
                                                    (CONTINUED)
            78.
103    CONTINUED:                                                  103

                               HERMIONE
                 He could smell it. My perfume.


104    EXT. TENT - SAME TIME - NIGHT                               104

       Ron pushes past the tent flap, peers into the darkness.
       In the distance, he sees Harry and Hermione. Standing
       close.


105    EXT. TREES - SAME TIME - NIGHT (ALT)                        105

       Hermione hugs herself.   Shivers.

                               HARRY
                 We have to leave. We're not safe
                 here.

                               HERMIONE
                 I told you. Ron's not strong
                 enough to Apparate.

                               HARRY
                 Then we'll go by foot.


105A   EXT. FARM - DAY                                             105A

       We PAN DOWN FROM the sky, FIND the HORIZON. THREE
       FIGURES approach in the distance. Harry. Hermione.
       Ron. We HOLD. Then, faintly, so faint it can barely be
       heard at first, a SOFT WHISTLING SOUND rises on the
       breeze. We PAN BACK UP. Slowly, one by one, DOTS
       perforate the blue. The WHISTLING SOUND BUILDS.

       Harry stops, listening, then turns. Hermione trailing a
       few feet behind, stops, eyeing him questioningly. We
       RACK FOCUS, OVER her shoulder, watch the DOTS attenuate,
       take the shape of PLUMES.


105B   EXT. FARM - BARN - DAY (SECONDS LATER)                      105B

       The WHISTLING is EAR-SPLITTING now, more of a ROAR, as
       the trio scarper into a listing barn and throw shut the
       doors. As they peer upward through the skeletal remains
       of the hayloft, their faces lashed with LIGHT, they see a
       succession of DEATH EATERS strafe the blue above. The
       rotting timber buzzes and BATS dance crazily in the loft
       above. Gradually, the sound recedes. The bats settle.
           78A.


106   EXT. ROLLING LANDSCAPE - DAY (ALT)                           106

      An epic flyover. Three small figures move slowly below.
      One figure -- Ron -- trails the other two: Harry and
      Hermione. We CUT DOWN TO ground level. TO Ron. He
      glances about sullenly, staring at the forsaken
      landscape, then looks up ahead to Harry and Hermione.
      The sight of them, walking side-by-side, does nothing to
      improve his mood.

                              RON
                I'm hungry.

      Harry and Hermione stop, turn.   Study him for a moment.

                              HARRY
                What?

                              RON
                I'm hungry.

      Hermione glances at Harry, who continues to stare at Ron,
      as if taking the measure of him.

                              HARRY
                We're all hungry.

      Ron returns Harry's glance, then looks off again.
      Hermione crosses to Ron, examines his RAGGED BANDAGE.

                              RON
                Leave it.

      Hermione glances at Ron's profile, then -- briefly -- at
      the Horcrux dangling from his neck. Ignoring his words,
      she begins to rummage in her beaded bag.

                              RON
                Mum can make food appear out of
                thin air.

                              HERMIONE
                     (tenderly)
                No one can conjure food out of
                thin air. Food is the first of
                the five Principal Exceptions to
                Gamp's Law. The other four are --

                              RON
                     (sharply)
                Oh, speak English, can't you?

      As Ron jerks his injured arm away, Hermione looks up,
      meets Ron's hard gaze.

                                                     (CONTINUED)
         78B.
106   CONTINUED:                                                106

                              RON
                I said leave it.

      Hermione glances at the bandage in her hand, puts it
      away.

                              HARRY
                It'll be dark soon. We need to
                find a place to sleep.

                              HERMIONE
                Good plan.

                              RON
                Yeah. Brilliant. Only, correct
                me if I'm wrong... wasn't that
                yesterday's plan? And the day
                before that? And the day before
                that? Walk. Sleep. Walk.
                Sleep.

      Harry stares at Ron, then begins to walk toward him.
      Hermione watches silently. Ron stands utterly still.
      When Harry stops, he simply nods to Ron's neck.

                              HARRY
                My turn.

      As he reaches out, Ron blocks his hand. For a moment,
      they simply stand silently. Then Ron strips the chain
      from his neck, hands it to Harry and brushes past him.
      Harry glances at Hermione, drapes the Horcrux over his
      head and follows. Hermione watches them go, then does
      the same.
            79.


107    EXT. ENCAMPMENT (COOLING TOWERS) - LATE AFTERNOON           107

       A light RAIN falls. Harry, wearing the locket now, walks
       the perimeter of the camp. He glowers toward the tent in
       the distance.

       In the tent, safe, warm and out of earshot, Hermione
       tends to Ron's arm as he stares at Harry.

                               RON
                 He doesn't know what he's doing,
                 does he?

       A frown creases Hermione's forehead as she studies Ron,
       then she glances at Harry, a trace of doubt in her eyes.

                                  HERMIONE
                 None of us do.


107A   EXT. VALLEY - DAY                                          107A

       Three figures move through a blood-red autumnal
       landscape.


107B   EXT. ABANDONED CARAVAN PARK - DAY                          107B

       The charred husks of several RVs -- hulking black masses
       -- lay about the ash-ridden park. Ron, trailed by Harry
       and Hermione, pauses. His eyes scan the scorched earth,
       fix on a BLACKENED SWING, swaying back and forth in a
       tiny playground. His eyes shift to the ground and he
       crouches. His fingers shift the dry dirt, reveal a SHINY
       TOY not of Muggle making.

                               RON
                 Wizards were here.

                               HERMIONE
                 I don't like this place.

       Harry and Ron both turn, look at her.

                                  HERMIONE
                 I want to go.


108    EXT. CLEARING - DAY                                         108

       RON'S FACE FILLS THE SCREEN -- unwashed and wild.   He
       looks toward something UNSEEN. Then...

       ... a RABBIT hops INTO VIEW, nose probing some brush.
       Slowly, Ron raises his wand, poised to fire when...
                                                     (CONTINUED)
         79A.
108   CONTINUED:                                                108

      BAM! Dirt explodes near the rabbit's rump and it is off
      and running. Seconds later, Harry appears, giving chase.
      Ron curses and pelts after.

      The rabbit zig-zags through the trees, eluding one blast
      after another as Harry and Ron trip through the forest.
      They begin laughing, their aim becoming more and more
      erratic. A tree limb explodes over Harry's head and he
      wheels, fires playfully back at Ron. They exchange a few
      more blasts when one narrowly misses Harry.
      Instinctively, eyes flaring, he wheels, fires back at
      Ron, narrowly missing him.

      They both stop, stare at one another, chests heaving,
      their breath drifting in plumes, smiles gone. Ron rubs
      his injured arm, almost healed now, and turns away.


109   INT. TENT - SAME TIME - CLOSE ON A SIZZLING PAN - LATE      109
      AFTERNOON

      ... OF MUSHROOMS.




                                                    (CONTINUED)
          80.
109   CONTINUED:                                                 109

      In the shadows, Ron lies on his back, staring gloomily at
      the pitched ceiling of the tent, listening to the RADIO'S
      MURMUR, while Hermione, WEARING A RED SCARF AGAINST THE
      CHILL, runs the fingers of her left hand through Harry's
      hair, alternately employing the wand in her right hand to
      trim Harry's hair and flip the pages of A History of
      Magic.

                                HERMIONE
                Oh my god...

                                 HARRY
                        (alarmed)
                What?

                              HERMIONE
                I'll tell you in a minute.

      Harry watches his hair dropping to the ground.

                              HARRY
                Maybe you could tell me now.

                              HERMIONE
                Alright. The Sword of Gryffindor?
                It's Goblin made.

                                HARRY
                Brilliant.

                              HERMIONE
                You don't understand. Dirt and
                rust have no effect on the blade.
                It only takes in that which makes
                it stronger.

                                HARRY
                O-kay.

                              HERMIONE
                Harry. You already destroyed one
                Horcrux, right? Tom Riddle's
                diary -- in the Chamber of
                Secrets.

                              HARRY
                With a basilisk fang. If you tell
                me you've got one of those in that
                bloody beaded bag of yours --

                              HERMIONE
                Don't you see! In the Chamber of
                Secrets, you stabbed the basilisk
                with the Sword of Gryffindor.
                              (MORE)
                                                       (CONTINUED)
           81.
109   CONTINUED: (2)                                              109
                              HERMIONE (CONT'D)
                Its blade is impregnated with
                basilisk venom.

                               HARRY
                It only takes in that which makes
                it stronger...

                               HERMIONE
                Exactly!   Which means...

                              HARRY
                ... it can destroy Horcruxes.

                              HERMIONE
                Which is why Dumbledore left it to
                you in his will.

                              HARRY
                You're brilliant, Hermione.
                Truly.

                              HERMIONE
                Actually, I'm highly logical,
                which allows me to look past the
                extraneous detail and perceive
                clearly that which others
                overlook.

                              HARRY
                There's only one problem...

      Suddenly the LIGHTS CLICK OFF...

                              RON
                The sword was stolen.

      The lights click back ON. Hermione and Harry turn, see
      Ron, Deluminator in hand, lying in the shadows of his
      bunk, staring at the roof as the FIRST DROPS OF RAIN hit
      the canvas above.

                              RON
                Yeah, I'm still here. But you two
                carry on. Don't let me spoil your
                fun.

      Harry glances at Hermione, who is studying Ron warily.

                              HARRY
                What's the problem?

                              RON
                Problem? There's no problem.    Not
                according to you, anyway.

                                                      (CONTINUED)
         81A.
109   CONTINUED: (3)                                            109

      Heavy DROPS of rain begin to PELT the canvas of the tent.
      Plunk. Plunk. Plunk.

                              HARRY
                Look, don't be shy. If you've got
                something to say, spit it out.

      Ron swings out of the bunk. As his face meets the light,
      he looks mean, the locket chain glittering.




                                                    (CONTINUED)
         82.
109   CONTINUED: (4)                                            109

                              RON
                All right, I'll spit it out.
                Don't expect me to skip up and
                down because now there's some
                other damn thing we've got to
                find.

                              HERMIONE
                     (quietly)
                Ron...

                              HARRY
                I thought you knew what you signed
                up for.

                              RON
                Yeah, I thought I did too.

                              HARRY
                I don't understand. What part of
                this isn't living up to your
                expectations? Did you think we'd
                be staying in five-star hotels?
                Finding a Horcrux every other day?
                Did you think you'd be back to
                Mummy by Christmas?

                              RON
                No, I just reckoned after all this
                time, we'd have actually achieved
                something. I reckoned you knew
                what you were doing. I reckoned
                Dumbledore had told you something
                worthwhile! I reckoned you had a
                plan!

                              HARRY
                I've told you everything
                Dumbledore told me! And in case
                you haven't noticed, we've found a
                Horcrux!

                              RON
                Yeah, and we're about as near
                getting rid of it as we are to
                finding the rest of them, aren't
                we!




                                                     (CONTINUED)
            83.
109   CONTINUED: (5)                                               109

                              HERMIONE
                Take it off, Ron. Please take it
                off. You wouldn't be talking like
                this if you hadn't been wearing it
                all day --

                               HARRY
                Yeah, he would. D'you think I
                haven't noticed the two of you
                whispering behind my back? D'you
                think I haven't guessed what you
                were thinking?

                              HERMIONE
                Harry, we weren't --

                              RON
                Don't lie! You said it, too, you
                said you were disappointed --

                               HERMIONE
                I didn't!   Not like that!    Harry --
                I didn't!

                              RON
                Do you know why I listen to that
                radio, every night? Do you! To
                make sure I don't hear Ginny's
                name or Fred or George or Mum or --

                              HARRY
                You think I don't listen! You
                think I don't know what it's
                like --

                              RON
                NO! YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT IT'S
                LIKE! YOUR PARENTS ARE DEAD!     YOU
                HAVE NO FAMILY!

      Dead silence. Harry glares at Ron. Hermione looks
      shocked. Suddenly, they both rush forward and lock on
      each other's throats, Hermione rushes in.

                                HERMIONE
                Stop!   Stop!

      They let go, step back.   Harry points to Ron's neck.

                                HARRY
                Go then.    But leave that.

      Hermione, eyes flashing with panic, glances from Harry to
      Ron. Ron strips the chain from his neck, casts it away,
      then turns to Hermione.
                                                         (CONTINUED)
         83A.
109   CONTINUED: (6)                                            109

                              RON
                And you?

                              HERMIONE
                Me?

                              RON
                Are you staying? Or coming?

      Hermione looks anguished, glancing from one to the other.
      The canvas streams with rain behind her.




                                                    (CONTINUED)
          84.
109   CONTINUED: (7)                                             109

                              RON
                Fine. I get it. I saw you two
                the other night. Yeah, that's
                right. Didn't know I knew, did
                you?

                               HERMIONE
                What?   Ron, no -- please --

      He whips aside the tent flap and the RAIN ROARS. As
      Hermione rushes after him, she tips over the radio. As
      it HISSES Harry glowers at the Horcrux. Seconds later,
      Hermione returns, sopping hair plastered to her face.

                                 HERMIONE
                He's gone.


110   EXT. RIVERBANK - MORNING                                     110

      The river flows quietly, thick and muddy from the
      previous night's rain. Harry emerges from the tent,
      peers into the trees. Hermione stands far down by the
      riverbank, tying the red scarf to a tree.


111   EXT. RIVERBANK - LATE MORNING                                111

      Hermione, eyes red from crying, clutches the beaded bag
      in one hand while the locket dangles from the other. She
      peers one last time toward the trees, then, without
      turning, reaches out her hand. Harry studies her, then
      steps forward, gently takes her fingers in his.
      Instantly...

      ... they Disapparate, pitched into a whirlwind of
      darkness. As they reappear...


112   EXT. HILLSIDE - LATE MORNING                                 112

      ... on a windswept hillside, their hands break free and
      Hermione stumbles away, sobs racking her body as she
      buries her face in her hands. Harry watches her, then
      turns away, takes out his wand and begins to walk in a
      circle, casting enchantments in a soft voice.

                              HARRY
                Salvio Hexia... Protego Totalum...


113   EXT. HILLSIDE - DUSK                                         113

      Harry walks the perimeter of the camp, looking up every
      so often to look at the ILLUMINATED TENT.
                                                     (CONTINUED)
           85.
113   CONTINUED:                                                  113

      He watches HERMIONE'S SHADOW pass within, sliding over
      the canvas. Seconds later, the RADIO CRACKLES to life.
      He shakes his head, vaguely annoyed, then starts to move
      off again when a SONG comes CLEAR. He stops.


114   INT. TENT - DUSK (SECONDS LATER)                            114

      As Harry ducks into the tent, Hermione looks up.

                              HERMIONE
                It's a Muggle station.

      Hermione smiles and Harry does too. Harry listens then,
      debating, reaches out his hand. Hermione eyes him
      uncertainly, then allows him to pull her to her feet. He
      steps forward, gently removes the locket from her neck
      and tosses it to the ground. She looks at it, then back
      to him. He smiles and, without prompting...

      ... they begin to dance, tentatively at first, then
      letting themselves go.


115   EXT. TENT - SAME TIME - DUSK                                115

      Their shadows flicker upon the canvas like joyous shadow
      puppets, moving with abandon until, abruptly, the signal
      slips away and...


116   INT. TENT - SAME TIME - DUSK                                116

      ... the STATIC returns. Their smiles fade. They stop
      moving. Hermione averts her eyes, exits. Harry watches
      her go, then takes the locket from the floor, slings it
      over his neck.


117   EXT. HILLSIDE - DAY                                         117

      Hermione, wrapped in a blanket, sits just outside the
      tent by a wind-whipped fire, going back and forth between
      Tales of Beedle the Bard and another book, Spellman's
      Syllabary.


118   INT. TENT - SAME TIME - DAY                                 118

      Harry lies on the top bunk above Ron's empty lower,
      eyeing his face in the surface of the Snitch sitting
      there. As he takes it in hand, the wings begin to flap
      slowly up and down. He watches it for a long time...
      when an idea strikes.

                                                    (CONTINUED)
          86.
118   CONTINUED:                                                 118

      Folding his fingers around the orb, he brings it to his
      lips briefly, then turns it over in his palm.

      The Snitch's tired wings go still. Then, as if written
      by an invisible hand, WORDS appear on the smooth golden
      surface:

                      "I open at the close."

                              HARRY
                Hermione.


119   EXT. HILLSIDE - CONTINUOUS ACTION - DAY                     119

      Harry slips through the flap, hands her the Snitch.

                              HARRY
                You were right. It's like you
                said. Snitches have flesh
                memories. But I didn't catch my
                first Snitch with my hand. I
                almost swallowed it.

      Hermione watches the WORDS VANISH on orb.

                              HERMIONE
                `I open at the close?'

                              HARRY
                What do you reckon it means?

                              HERMIONE
                I don't know. But look, I've
                found something as well...

      She turns The Tales of Beedle the Bard into the
      flickering light, points to the top of the title page, to
      a SMALL DRAWING of a TRIANGULAR EYE.

                              HERMIONE
                I thought it was a picture of an
                eye, but now I don't think it is.
                It isn't a rune and it's not in
                Spellman's Syllabary either. And
                it's been inked in -- somebody
                drew it -- it isn't part of the
                book.

                              HARRY
                Luna's dad was wearing that, at
                Ron-
                     (catching himself)
                At Bill and Fleur's wedding.

                                                    (CONTINUED)
         87.
119   CONTINUED:                                                119

                              HERMIONE
                What d'you mean -- wearing it?

                              HARRY
                Around his neck. Like an amulet.
                I didn't think much of it at the
                time. You know Luna -- she's
                always got some mad thing or the
                other she's carrying around. I
                just figured it ran in the family.

                              HERMIONE
                Why would someone have drawn it in
                a children's book?

      As Hermione shakes her head, musing, Harry eyes her.

                              HARRY
                Hermione, I've been thinking. I --
                I want to go to Godric's Hollow.
                It's where I was born, it's where
                my parents died --

                              HERMIONE
                And it's exactly where You-Know-
                Who will expect you to go.
                Because it means something to you.

                              HARRY
                But it means something to him too,
                Hermione. You-Know-Who nearly
                died there. Wouldn't that be just
                the kind of place he'd hide a
                Horcrux?

      Hermione eyes him.   Despite herself, she knows he's
      right.

                              HERMIONE
                It's dangerous, Harry. But I have
                to admit, recently even I've been
                thinking we might have to go. I
                think it's possible something else
                is hidden there.
                     (off Harry's look)
                The sword. If Dumbledore didn't
                want it falling into the
                Ministry's hands, but wanted you
                to find it, what better place to
                hide it than the birthplace of the
                founder of Gryffindor himself?




                                                     (CONTINUED)
           88.
119   CONTINUED: (2)                                              119

                              HARRY
                Godric's Hollow is the birthplace
                of Godric Gryffindor -- I mean,
                `course it is. Obvious, isn't it?

                              HERMIONE
                     (eyeing him
                      knowingly)
                Harry, did you ever even open A
                History of Magic?

                              HARRY
                Tossed it at Neville once when he
                was snoring -- might've popped
                open.

      She smiles, then rises, collecting her books and blanket.

                              HARRY
                Hermione...

      Words fail him. Hermione reaches out, lightly strokes
      his hair as she heads toward the tent.

                               HERMIONE
                Don't ever let me give you a
                haircut again.


120   EXT. GODRIC'S HOLLOW - NIGHT                                  120

      Golden streetlights glimmer along a narrow road leading
      to the center of town. Christmas decorations twinkle in
      the windows of small cottages, roofs blanketed in snow.
      Hermione and Harry Apparate INTO VIEW, wearing HEAVY
      COATS and hats, scarves wrapped around their mouths.

                              HERMIONE
                I still think we should've used
                Polyjuice Potion.

                              HARRY
                No. This is where I was born.
                I'm not returning as someone else.

      He holds out his arm and Hermione takes it.    They move
      off.


121   EXT. TOWN CENTER - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER)                      121

      Harry and Hermione walk, arms linked. A PUB DOOR opens
      briefly and LAUGHTER and MUSIC spill forth.


                                                      (CONTINUED)
           89.
121   CONTINUED:                                                  121

                              HERMIONE
                Harry, I think it's Christmas Eve!
                Listen...

      Her voice is wistful. As they listen, VOICES carry from
      the church up ahead. Harry eyes the GRAVEYARD beyond.

                              HARRY
                Do you think they'd be in there?
                My mum and dad?

                              HERMIONE
                Yeah. I think they would.


122   EXT. CHURCH - CLOSER - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER)                 122

      The SINGING is FULL AND RICH here as Harry and Hermione
      make their way through the snow toward the graveyard.
      Harry peers up at the STAINED GLASS windows glittering
      over him.


123   EXT. GRAVEYARD - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER)                       123

      Harry pushes through a gate, then lets go of Hermione's
      hand, row upon row of snowy tombstones stretch before
      him. As he heads off, Hermione studies him, then
      follows.


      NEW ANGLE - GRAVEYARD

      Hermione pauses by a large tombstone freckled with
      lichen.

                                  HERMIONE
                Harry.

                                  HARRY
                Is it -- ?

                                  HERMIONE
                No.   But look.

      Harry steps over, looks: KENDRA DUMBLEDORE AND HER
      DAUGHTER ARIANA. A quotation is etched in the granite:
      "Where your treasure is, there will your heart be also."

                              HERMIONE
                Did you know he had a sister?

      Harry stares at the stone, his face a mask.


                                                     (CONTINUED)
            90.
123   CONTINUED:                                                   123

                                 HARRY
                   No.

      Harry turns away, walks off.


      NEW ANGLE - TOMBSTONES

      Hermione walks amid the stones, studying the names, then
      stops by an extremely old grave. She crouches.

                                 HERMIONE
                   Lumos.

      Hermione plays the wand's light over the surface of the
      stone, then stops. Though deeply worn by time, the
      symbol is unmistakable: the TRIANGULAR EYE. Hermione
      rakes the light over the name: IGNOTUS PEVERELL.

                                 HERMIONE
                   Ignotus... Hey, Har --

      She stops.    Harry stands several rows away.    Utterly
      still.


      NEW ANGLE - HARRY

      As he stares at the tombstones of his parents:

              JAMES POTTER                       LILY POTTER
       Born 27 March 1960                Born 30 January 1960
      Died 31 October 1981               Died 31 October 1981

      "The last enemy that shall be destroyed is death."
      Hermione appears, looks at Harry. Sees that tears are
      streaming down his cheeks. Hermione raises her wand,
      traces a circle in the air and a WREATH of

      CHRISTMAS ROSES blossom in the snow.      Harry nods, staring
      at them.

                                 HARRY
                   Happy Christmas, Hermione.

                                 HERMIONE
                   Happy Christmas, Harry.

      Hermione laces her arm around his waist and he drapes his
      arm over her shoulder. They stand silently. Then:

                                 HERMIONE
                   Harry...

                                                         (CONTINUED)
          91.
123   CONTINUED: (2)                                             123

                               HARRY
                Yeah.

                              HERMIONE
                Someone's watching us.    By the
                gate.

      Harry nods, careful not to look too soon, then glances
      up. A STOOPED FIGURE, barely discernible in the drifting
      snow, stands in the shadows of the church. She -- it is
      distinctly female, and older -- doesn't move initially --
      as if wanting Harry to see her -- then turns away.

                               HARRY
                C'mon.


124   EXT. TOWN CENTER - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER)                       124

      All light has left the sky. The stooped figure hobbles
      along, past the pub, where shadows play against the
      windows and muffled voices can be heard. Harry and
      Hermione follow.


125   EXT. NARROW ALLEY - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER)                      125

      Hermione eyes the woman ahead, then looks about their
      surroundings, feeling trapped.

                              HERMIONE
                I don't think this is a good idea.

                              HARRY
                We look like ordinary Muggles.

                              HERMIONE
                Muggles who've just been laying
                flowers on your parents' grave.

      Just then, up ahead, the stooped woman holds up her hand
      and Hermione and Harry stop. Seconds later, a group of
      SNATCHERS passes by the alley. As they vanish, the woman
      continues on.

                               HARRY
                Relax.   This is right.   I know it.


126   EXT. LANE - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER)                              126

      The woman hobbles on. The lane is lined with modest
      cottages with small and tidy gardens. Hermione barely
      gives them a glance, nervously eyeing the woman ahead,
      before realizing she is walking alone.
                                                       (CONTINUED)
           92.
126   CONTINUED:                                                  126

      She turns, sees Harry standing several yards back,
      staring at a dark cottage, its garden overgrown with
      weeds, its roof entirely covered in ivy and snow.
      Hermione returns to him, looks. GASPS.

                               HERMIONE
                Omigod.   Harry...

                              HARRY
                This is where they died, Hermione.
                This is where he murdered them.

      Hermione studies Harry's bitter profile, then the house,
      careful not to disturb the moment with words. Absently,
      Harry places his fingers upon the locket at his chest.
      It is trembling -- over-so-slightly. Then, without
      turning, while still staring at the house, Harry speaks:

                              HARRY
                You're Bathilda, aren't you?

      Hermione blinks, confused, then turns and jumps. The old
      woman is standing only yards away, watching them.


127   INT. BATHILDA BAGSHOT'S HOUSE - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER)        127

      The door rattles open and tiny BATHILDA BAGSHOT hobbles
      inside, followed first by Harry, then Hermione, who
      wrinkles her nose. As Bathilda exits the room, Hermione
      glances about.

                              HERMIONE
                Harry, I'm not sure about this.

                              HARRY
                Hermione, she knew Dumbledore.
                She might have the sword.
                Besides, she's barely knee-high to
                a house-elf. I think we can
                overpower her if it turns ugly.

                              HERMIONE
                There's something odd about her.
                And what's that smell?

                              HARRY
                She's gaga, remember?

      Bathilda returns, holding a box of matches. She strikes
      one, tries to light a candle, but her movements are
      clumsy.

                               HARRY
                Here.   Let me do that.
                                                     (CONTINUED)
           93.
127   CONTINUED:                                                  127

                              HERMIONE
                You have a lovely house, Miss
                Bagshot.

      Hermione eyes a PHOTOGRAPH of a CURIOUSLY COMPELLING
      YOUNG GIRL (ARIANA), then runs a finger along a table.
      It comes away thick with dust. She frowns, looks up,
      finds Bathilda watching her.

                                HARRY
                Miss Bagshot?    Who is this man?

      Harry stands by a chest of drawers, holding the match
      over a grouping of PHOTOGRAPHS. Coated in DUST, the
      figures in the frames flit like ghosts behind veils.
      Harry picks one up, wipes away the dust with his hand.
      In it a merry-faced boy looks out, his cheery expression
      belying a particularly intense gaze.

                               HARRY
                His name.   Can you tell me his
                name?

      Bathilda stares at the photograph solemnly, then peers up
      at Harry. Her eyes are THICK with CATARACTS. Harry
      stares, unnerved, then Hermione walks over, looks at the
      picture.

                              HARRY
                This is him, Hermione. The one I
                saw in Gregorovitch's wandshop.
                The thief. Miss Bagshot, who is
                he?

      She looks at him, then jerks her head toward the stairs.

                              HARRY
                She wants us to go upstairs.

                                HERMIONE
                All right...

      As Hermione moves, Bathilda shakes her head, points at
      Harry.

                              HARRY
                She wants me to go.   Alone.

                                HERMIONE
                Why?




                                                    (CONTINUED)
           94.
127   CONTINUED: (2)                                              127

                              HARRY
                It's all right. You stay here.

                              HERMIONE
                Harry...

      Harry holds up his hand, silencing her, then follows
      Bathilda. Just before he disappears, he looks back and
      winks, but Hermione doesn't look reassured.


128   INT. SERPENTINE STAIRCASE - NIGHT (SECONDS LATER)              128

      Harry trails Bathilda up a circular staircase,
      uncomfortably narrow and lined with books.


129   INT. BAGSHOT HOUSE - SITTING ROOM - CLOSE ON A BOOK -          129
      SAME TIME - NIGHT

      The Life and Lies of Albus Dumbledore. A hand reaches
      in, takes it. Hermione's hand. A NOTE is attached:
      "Dear Batty. Thanks for your help. You said
      everything... even if you don't remember. Rita."


130   INT. BAGSHOT HOUSE - BEDROOM - SAME TIME - NIGHT               130

      Harry enters a dark low-ceilinged room. He wrinkles his
      nose at the smell, then hears the door close behind him.
      The room plunges into darkness.

                              HARRY
                Lumos.

      Harry sweeps the room, gives a start. Bathilda's face
      wavers in the dark, only feet away, staring at him.


131   INT. HALLWAY - SAME TIME - NIGHT                               131

      Hermione hugs herself as she exits the sitting room and
      peers into the adjacent hallway. A sliver of the kitchen
      can be seen and a faint BUZZING heard. A strange SHADOW
      dances on one kitchen wall, of SPECKS moving. Hermione
      approaches.


132   INT. BAGSHOT HOUSE - BEDROOM - SAME TIME - NIGHT               132

      Harry watches as Bathilda moves closer, transfixed by her
      milky eyes. The Horcrux on his chest TWITCHES.



                                                       (CONTINUED)
           95.
132   CONTINUED:                                                  132

                              BATHILDA BAGSHOT
                     (in Parseltongue)
                You are Potter?

                                HARRY
                       (in Parseltongue)
                Yes.


133   INT. BAGSHOT HOUSE - HALLWAY/KITCHEN - SAME TIME - NIGHT      133

      As Hermione nears the kitchen, she eyes the CLOUD of
      SPECKS swarming the wall curiously. The BUZZING GROWS to
      a HISS as the room... comes INTO VIEW. Hermione GASPS.

      CLOTTED BLOOD streaks the sink and great wide swaths of
      RED stain the floor where HUNDREDS OF FLIES swarm.

                              BATHILDA BAGSHOT (O.S.)
                     (in Parseltongue)
                I have something for you...

      Hermione's gaze rises, to the ceiling, to the HEATING
      VENT, from which the hissing voice has just come.


134   INT. BAGSHOT HOUSE - BEDROOM - SAME TIME - NIGHT              134

      Harry's arm droops, his wand tip painting the room with
      dots of light as he sways, wincing as his scar stings.
      Bathilda points, to a dressing table cluttered with
      soiled laundry, her milky eyes fixed on Harry. Something
      surfaces in her filmy corneas, her pupils changing from
      dots to silts.


135   INT. SERPENTINE STAIRCASE - SAME TIME - NIGHT                 135

      Hermione, wand drawn, ascends the stairs.


136   INT. BAGSHOT HOUSE - BEDROOM - SAME TIME - NIGHT              136

      Harry peers at the foul laundry, moving closer, when, out
      of the corner of his eye, Bathilda moves weirdly. He
      wheels and watches in horror as...

      Bathilda's old body collapses and Nagini pours from her
      neck. As Harry raises his wand, Nagini STRIKES, piercing
      his forearm. His wand flies out of his hand, its light
      spinning dizzily around the room. Nagini's tail swings
      about, knocks Harry's legs out from under him.



                                                      (CONTINUED)
         96.
136   CONTINUED:                                                136

                                HERMIONE (O.S.)
                Harry!

      As Harry rolls onto his back, gasping for breath,
      Nagini's massive body rolls over him, the Horcrux ticking
      feverishly against his chest. As Harry ROARS in pain,
      the lenses of his GLASSES fracture.

      The bedroom door swings open, reveals Hermione
      silhouetted against the stairwell, wand poised. A FLASH
      OF RED LIGHT ricochets around the room and Nagini's tail
      whips angrily about, shattering the bedroom window.
      Hermione dives aside and Harry covers his face as the
      curtains burst into flames and shards of glass shower the
      room in a rush of cold air.

      As Harry reclaims his wand and rises, Nagini's body
      uncoils in fury, splintering furniture and blasting holes
      into the walls.

                                HERMIONE
                Confringo!

      As Hermione's spell caroms off the trembling walls, we
      see both her and Harry reflected in a MIRROR. He leaps,
      sweeping her toward the smoldering window. As they pitch
      themselves into the night, the mirror EXPLODES and shards
      of glass, reflecting bits of Hermione and Harry and the
      giant snake, tumble in the night, slowly vanishing
      into... nothingness.


137   EXT. RIVER/WOODS (FOREST OF DEAN) - DAY                       137

      Weirdly quiet. Like the memory of a day long ago. A
      lone figure -- Hermione -- walks from the river to the
      woods, a pail of water in hand, leaving silent footprints
      in the FROST that glitters on the ground.


138   INT. TENT (FOREST OF DEAN) - EARLY MORNING                    138

      DARKNESS. For a moment, we hear nothing.     Then,
      Hermione's voice SOFTLY WHISPERS:

                              HERMIONE (O.S.)
                Harry... Harry, can you hear
                me...?

                                HARRY (O.S.)
                Yes.

                                HERMIONE (O.S.)
                Good.    That's good...

                                                      (CONTINUED)
         96A.
138   CONTINUED:                                                138

                               HARRY (O.S.)
                We got away.




                                                    (CONTINUED)
           97.
138   CONTINUED: (2)                                              138

                               HERMIONE (O.S.)
                Yes.

                              HARRY (O.S.)
                Are you alright?

                              HERMIONE (O.S.)
                I'm fine. But you've been sick.
                Rest... Rest a bit more...

      All stays DARK...


139   EXT. TENT (FOREST OF DEAN) - MORNING                         139

      Hermione sits reading a BOOK by the fire.   The hillside
      is glorious, overlooking a vast valley.

                              HARRY (O.S.)
                You've outdone yourself this time.

      Hermione turns, finds Harry standing outside the tent,
      admiring the view. He looks pale, battle-worn.

                              HERMIONE
                The Forest of Dean. I came here
                once with my mum and dad, years
                ago. It's just how I remember it.
                The trees. The river. It's like
                nothing's changed. Not true, of
                course. Everything's changed. If
                I brought my parents here, they
                wouldn't recognize any of it. Not
                the trees. Not the river. Not...
                me.

                              HARRY
                Where are they?

                              HERMIONE
                Wendell and Monica Wilkens now
                reside happily in Sydney,
                Australia. They have two dogs,
                run a small sweet shop, but floss
                daily. No children.

      She smiles, then it fades.

                              HERMIONE
                Maybe we should just stay here,
                Harry. Grow old.

      Harry has no words.   She inhales, shakes off her tears.


                                                     (CONTINUED)
         97A.
139   CONTINUED:                                                139

                              HERMIONE
                You wanted to know who the boy in
                the photograph was. Well, I know.




                                                    (CONTINUED)
          98.
139   CONTINUED: (2)                                             139

      Hermione holds up the book in her lap:   The Life and Lies
      of Albus Dumbledore.

                              HERMIONE
                It was in Bathilda's sitting room.
                Rita Skeeter had sent it to her.
                Harry, it doesn't make for very
                nice reading --

                              HARRY
                Who is he, Hermione? The thief?
                Did Dumbledore know him?

                              HERMIONE
                Yes.

                              HARRY
                Well?

                              HERMIONE
                For a time.

                              HARRY
                Tell me, Hermione. Who is he?

                              HERMIONE
                Gellert Grindelwald. He's not
                very well known in Britain, but
                there was a time, before You-Know-
                Who...

                              HARRY
                Hermione, I don't need to have
                read A History of Magic to know
                who Gellert Grindelwald is.

      Hermione nods, hands him the book, open to a PHOTOGRAPH
      of a TEENAGED DUMBLEDORE laughing with another BOY
      (GELLERT GRINDELWALD). The caption: "For the Greater
      Good? Dark Days; Dumbledore and Grindelwald." On the
      opposite page is a PHOTOGRAPH of Grindelwald in later
      days, clad in black, holding a JAGGED WAND -- no longer
      the carefree lad of youth.

                              HERMIONE
                When Grindelwald was seventeen, he
                was expelled from Durmstrang.
                He'd started doing some twisted
                things at school -- experiments.
                A few teachers had always
                protected him, but they couldn't
                anymore. After he left, he
                traveled for awhile, then ended up
                in Godric's Hollow where his great
                aunt lived, Bathilda Bagshot.
                                                     (CONTINUED)
         99.
139   CONTINUED: (3)                                            139

                              HARRY
                Get to the hard part, Hermione.

                              HERMIONE
                She introduced him to Dumbledore.
                It made sense. Dumbledore's
                mother had just died, Grindelwald
                was troubled and they were both
                brilliant -- they'd never really
                had anyone they could talk to on
                the same level. They did a lot of
                talking that summer. But they
                always returned to one particular
                subject.

      Harry looks up.

                              HERMIONE
                Wizard rule over Muggles.

                              HARRY
                And Dumbledore believed in it?

                              HERMIONE
                Yes.

      Harry nods, looking at the photograph again.

                              HARRY
                `For the Greater Good.'   What does
                that mean?

                              HERMIONE
                It was something Dumbledore came
                up with. He believed wizards were
                superior and should rule over
                Muggles, but gently, for their own
                good. Grindelwald took a more
                violent position.

      Harry shakes his head, staring at the book.

                              HERMIONE
                It was a different time, Harry.
                It was one summer. Dumbledore was
                young --

                              HARRY
                We're young, Hermione. And here
                we are, risking our lives to fight
                against the very thing Dumbledore
                supported.



                                                      (CONTINUED)
         99A.
139   CONTINUED: (4)                                            139

                              HERMIONE
                He changed, Harry. Years later,
                it was Dumbledore who put
                Grindelwald in prison.




                                                    (CONTINUED)
            100.
139   CONTINUED: (5)                                               139

      Harry stares at the photograph of the laughing thief one
      last moment, then tosses the book away.

                              HARRY
                Where's my wand? I'll take the
                watch.

      Hermione hesitates.    Her expression makes him
      apprehensive.

                                HARRY
                Hermione.    Where's my wand?

      She points. There, lying by the fire, is a shattered
      stick. He picks it up gently, sees that it is nearly
      severed in two. One fragile strand of phoenix feather
      holds it together.

                              HERMIONE
                It's my fault. As we were leaving
                Godric's Hollow, I cast a curse
                and it rebounded... I'm sorry,
                Harry, I tried to mend it but
                wands are different --

                                HARRY
                It's done.

                              HERMIONE
                Maybe we can --

                                HARRY
                It's done.

      His tone puts an end to it.   She nods.

                              HARRY
                Leave me yours. You get back in
                the warm. And give me that.

      Harry gestures to the locket. Hermione starts to speak,
      then simply hands it over. She starts to leave, pauses.

                              HERMIONE
                He loved you, Harry. I know he
                loved you.

      She trails her fingers lightly over his hair, and he
      closes his eyes. We --

                                                        DISSOLVE TO:
         100A.


140   EXT. TENT (FOREST OF DEAN) - NIGHT (LATER)                  140

      The fire is merely embers. Harry sits with a frost-
      encrusted blanket draped over his shoulders, staring
      bitterly into the dark forest. The silence is eerie,
      SHADOWS play in the trees. He peers through the tent
      flap and sees Hermione slumbering in the light of a SMALL
      BOWL of FLAMES. Then, slowly, LIGHT CRAWLS briefly over
      the tent canvas and he turns, peers into the forest once
      more. Something seems to GLIMMER FAINTLY, but so briefly
      as to seem a trick of the eye. The air is cold, gives
      texture to the darkness, makes it a living thing.




                                                    (CONTINUED)
           101.
140   CONTINUED:                                                  140

      And then it is there again, the LIGHT -- pure and bright
      and silver and moving through the trees toward him.
      Harry rises and the blanket slithers off his shoulders.
      Gripping Hermione's wand, he watches the LIGHT drift
      closer, then shatter throughout the trees, momentarily
      blinding. And then it appears...

      ... a SILVER-WHITE DOE, moon-bright and dazzling. It
      gazes at Harry and he stands, transfixed. And then the
      doe turns away. His voice cracks:

                               HARRY
                No...


141   EXT. FOREST OF DEAN - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER)                 141

      FROST CRUNCHES beneath Harry's feet as he dashes through
      the trees in pursuit of the silent doe up ahead, breath
      streaming from his lungs. She leads him deep into the
      forest until, finally, she stops, as does Harry. As he
      watches, she turns her beautiful head toward him... and
      vanishes. For a moment, a GHOST IMAGE of her, like a
      retina burn, hangs in the air and then Harry is plunged
      into darkness.

                               HARRY
                Lumos!

      Hermione's wand-tip ignites. Harry paints the clearing
      with light and something GLEAMS: a small FROZEN POOL.
      He crosses to it, looks down. He sees his own image
      reflected dully and then, deeper, within, a SILVER CROSS.
      He looks closer.

      It is the SWORD OF GRYFFINDOR.

      Harry steps back, blinks. It's still there. He glances
      about, painting the trees with light, looking to insure
      he is alone, then casts light upon the pool once more.

                               HARRY
                Accio Sword.

      Nothing. Harry walks about the pool again and again and
      then stops. He crouches...

      ... and looks slowly down at his chest. The Horcrux
      around his neck has begun to TWITCH. Harry places his
      fingers upon it briefly, then rises. Quickly, with
      fumbling fingers, he SHEDS his clothes and points
      Hermione's wand at the pool.



                                                    (CONTINUED)
           102.
141   CONTINUED:                                                  141

                              HARRY
                Diffindo.

      The pool's icey crust CRACKS, echoing in the silence.
      CHUNKS of DARK ICE rock the surface. Harry steps to the
      pool's edge, peers within... and PLUNGES...


142   INT. ICY POOL (FOREST OF DEAN) - UNDERWATER - CONTINUOUS    142
      ACTION - NIGHT

      ... SCREAMING in the dark silence of the chill water. He
      kicks down to the glimmering sword, grabs the hilt and
      kicks for the surface when...

      ... the locket's chain begins to COIL, tightening like a
      SNAKE about his neck. As the links bite into his throat,
      he releases the sword and begins to thrash about,
      struggling to get his fingers under the chain. Realizing
      it's no use...

      ... he reaches for the pool's edge, his fingers
      scrabbling desperately over the ice, but unable to gain
      purchase. Slowly, his hands go limp and slip from the
      ice back into...

      ... the water, where he drifts slowly down, a slow trail
      of bubbles escaping his mouth, eyes half-closed as he
      peers upward, watching as the surface of the water grows
      slowly calm... peaceful... when... a SHADOW appears
      and...

      ... a PAIR of HANDS shatter the glassy surface of the
      water and Harry is pulled upward and out, landing...


143   EXT. FOREST OF DEAN - CONTINUOUS ACTION - NIGHT             143

      ... face-down on the frigid ground, choking and retching.

                              HARRY
                Hermione...

      A HAND reaches in, strips the locket from his neck.

                              RON
                Are -- you -- mental?

      Harry's eyes pop open. Standing a few yards away, fully
      dressed and half-drenched, clutching the sword of --

      Gryffindor in one hand and the locket in the other, is
      Ron. Harry just stares, then begins to pull on his
      clothes.

                                                    (CONTINUED)
           103.
143   CONTINUED:                                                  143

                                HARRY
                It was you!

                                RON
                Well, yeah.    Bit obvious, I'd
                think.

                               HARRY
                And the doe.   That was you as
                well.

                               RON
                No.   I reckoned it was you.

                              HARRY
                My Patronus is a stag.

                               RON
                Right.   Antlers.

      Ron brings his arms up, vaguely pantomiming antlers, but
      the effect is lost, what with the sword and locket.

                              HARRY
                You didn't see anyone else?

                              RON
                No, I... I did think maybe I saw
                something -- when I was running --
                over there --

      Harry crosses to a pair of OAKS grown close together.

                                RON
                Anything?

                              HARRY
                     (shaking his head)
                But I reckon whoever cast the doe,
                put the sword in that pool hoping
                we'd find it.

                              RON
                And we did, didn't we?

      The "we" hangs in the chill air. Harry eyes Ron, then
      steps forward and dangles the locket close to the sword.
      It immediately begins to TWITCH.

                              HARRY
                See that? It knows.     It's afraid.
                     (looking up)
                Do it.


                                                       (CONTINUED)
         104.
143   CONTINUED: (2)                                            143

                              RON
                What? No. Harry. That thing's
                bad for me. I can't handle it.
                I'm not making excuses for how I
                acted, but that thing affects me
                more than it affects you and
                Hermione. It made me think stuff
                -- stuff I was thinking anyway,
                but it made everything worse.

                              HARRY
                All the more reason.

                               RON
                No.   I can't --

                               HARRY
                Then why are you here?   Why did
                you come back?

      Harry's tone is hard, meant to wound. This stops Ron.
      He steps back, grips the sword with both hands. Harry
      nods.

                              HARRY
                I'll have to speak to it in order
                for it to open. When it does,
                don't hesitate. I don't know
                what's in here, but it'll put up a
                fight. The bit of Riddle that was
                in his diary tried to kill me.

      Ron nods and then Harry sweeps a layer of frost from a
      flat rock, lays the locket down.

                              HARRY
                On three. One. Two. Three.
                     (in Parseltongue)
                Take me inside...

      Click! The twin doors of the locket SNAP open. Behind
      each glass window a LIVING EYE blinks -- Tom Riddle's
      eyes.

                                HARRY
                Stab it, Ron.    Now.

      Ron raises his trembling hands, poises the sword.   Then a
      VOICE hisses from the Horcrux.

                              VOICE (V.O.)
                I have seen your heart and it is
                mine...


                                                     (CONTINUED)
             105.
143   CONTINUED: (3)                                                143

                              HARRY
                Don't listen to it.

                              VOICE (V.O.)
                I have seen your dreams, Ronald
                Weasley, and I have seen your
                fears...

                               HARRY
                Ron.   Don't listen to it!

                              VOICE (V.O.)
                Least loved, by the mother who
                craved a daughter. Least loved,
                by the girl who prefers your
                friend...

                                  HARRY
                Ron.   Stab it!

      The locket QUIVERS in Harry's fingers, turning WHITE-HOT,
      and he releases it. As the eyes gleam SCARLET, Harry
      grimaces and a FLASH OF BLINDING LIGHT BURSTS forth,
      leaving in its wake two FIGURES floating in the darkness
      -- GHOST IMAGES of Harry and Hermione.

                              RIDDLE-HARRY
                We were better without you,
                happier without you.

                              RIDDLE-HERMIONE
                Who could look at you beside Harry
                Potter? What are you, compared
                with the Chosen One...?

      Ron stands transfixed, sword in hand, horrified.

                                  HARRY
                Ron.   It lies!     Stab it!   STAB IT!

                              RIDDLE-HARRY
                Your mother confessed that she
                would have preferred me as a
                son...

                              RIDDLE-HERMIONE
                Who wouldn't prefer him, what
                woman would take you, you are
                nothing, nothing, nothing to
                him...

      The ghostly Hermione, frightening yet beautiful, entwines
      herself around the ghostly Harry, her hair running like
      silk over their faces as she leans forward and covers his
      mouth with hers.
                                                          (CONTINUED)
           106.
143   CONTINUED: (4)                                              143

                                HARRY
                Do it, Ron!    Kill it!

      Ron's head turns then, to Harry, and Harry freezes. A
      trace of SCARLET glints in Ron's eyes. He raises the
      sword high and -- for a moment -- Harry looks fearful.
      Then, Ron pivots and brings the blade down hard, cleaving
      the locket. A SCREAM echoes throughout the forest and
      the ghostly Harry and Hermione turn to dust, becoming one
      with the vapor drifting from Ron's mouth and all is...

      Quiet.

      Harry eyes the shattered locket, then turns his gaze on
      Ron who stands alone, sword dangling from the end of his
      arm, chest heaving.

      Harry scoops up the locket and examines it. Riddle's
      eyes are gone, the silk lining stained and faintly
      smoking. Ron lets the sword fall to the ground, drops to
      his knees. Harry steps forward and -- carefully --
      places a hand upon his shoulder.

                              HARRY
                After you left, she cried for a
                week. She's like my sister.

                                RON
                I'm sorry.    I'm sorry I left.

                              HARRY
                You've sort of made up for it
                tonight. Getting the sword.
                Finishing off the Horcrux.

                              RON
                Saving your life.

                                HARRY
                That too.

      They both stare at the remains of the locket.

                              RON
                And just think of it.     Only three
                to go.


144   INT. TENT (FOREST OF DEAN) - DAWN (LATER)                      144

      The bowl of flames boils timidly now; Hermione still
      slumbers.

                                HARRY (O.S.)
                Hermione!
                                                       (CONTINUED)
         107.
144   CONTINUED:                                                144

      She stirs, sits up. Pushing her hair out of her face,
      she peers through the tent flap.


145   EXT. TENT (FOREST OF DEAN) - CONTINUOUS ACTION - DAWN         145

      Harry sticks the sword in the ground. As Hermione
      emerges, she blinks against the brightness of the morning
      sun.

                              HERMIONE
                Everything all right?

                               HARRY
                Fine.   Actually... more than fine.

      He steps aside and Hermione sees Ron, standing at the
      edge of the camp. She stares, mute, then walks past
      Harry and the ashes of the campfire, stopping right in
      front of Ron. He raises a hand, smiles sheepishly.

                               RON
                Hey.

      And then... Hermione begins to PUNCH HIM.

                              RON
                Wo -- hey -- ouch!

                              HERMIONE
                     (with each punch)
                You -- complete -- arse -- Ronald
                -- Weasley! You crawl back here
                after all these weeks and say,
                `Hey?'
                     (turning to Harry)
                Where's my wand? Harry, where's
                my wand!

      Harry places his hand over his pocket.

                              HARRY
                Um... I don't know?

                              HERMIONE
                Harry Potter, you give me my wand!

                              RON
                How come he's got your wand?

                              HERMIONE
                Never mind why he's got my wand --
                     (stopping)
                What is that?

                                                      (CONTINUED)
           108.
145   CONTINUED:                                                  145

      She stares at the blackened locket dangling in Ron's
      hand.

                                 HERMIONE
                   You destroyed it?

      Hermione glances at Harry. He indicates Ron. She turns
      back to Ron. He nods. She starts to speak when her eyes
      shift, see the sword stuck in the ground.

                                 HERMIONE
                   And exactly how is it you have the
                   Sword of Gryffindor?

                                 HARRY
                   It's a long story.

      Hermione ponders this, baffled, then looks back at Ron.

                                 HERMIONE
                   Don't think this changes anything.

                                 RON
                   No, of course not. I only
                   destroyed a bloody freaking
                   Horcrux! Why would that change
                   anything! Do you know what it was
                   like for me to hear those words
                   coming from you! To see you doing
                   those things --

      Ron stops.

                                 HERMIONE
                   See me doing what things?

      Ron blinks, mortified.    Hermione turns to Harry.

                                 HERMIONE
                   What happened out there?

                                 HARRY
                        (at a loss, then)
                   It's a long story.

                                 RON
                   Look, I wanted to come back the
                   minute I'd left. I just... didn't
                   know how to find you.

                                 HARRY
                   Exactly how did you find us?

                                 RON
                   With this.
                                                        (CONTINUED)
          108A.
145   CONTINUED: (2)                                             145

      Ron reaches into his pocket, pulls out the Deluminator.




                                                    (CONTINUED)
         109.
145   CONTINUED: (3)                                            145

                              RON
                It doesn't just turn off lights.
                I don't know exactly how it works,
                but Christmas morning I -- I was
                sleeping -- in this little pub--
                I'd given some Snatchers the slip
                the night before, me being a blood-
                traitor and all -- anyway, I was
                sleeping when I heard it...

                               HARRY
                It?

                               RON
                A voice.

      Ron turns to Hermione, holds up the Deluminator.

                              RON
                Your voice, Hermione.   Coming out
                of this.

                              HERMIONE
                And what may I ask did I say?

                               RON
                My name.   Just my name.   Like a
                whisper.

      Hermione stands perfectly still... and blushes.

                              RON
                So I took this and I clicked it
                and this tiny ball of light
                appeared. And I knew.

                               HARRY
                Knew what?

                               RON
                Just knew. On account of
                Hermione's voice. And sure
                enough, it floated toward me, the
                ball of light, right to my chest
                and then -- went straight through
                -- right here.

      Ron touches a point close to his heart.

                              RON
                I could feel it inside me. It was
                warm, like the first sip of a good
                cup of tea. And I knew it would
                take me where I needed to go.
                              (MORE)
                                                      (CONTINUED)
           110.
145   CONTINUED: (4)                                              145
                              RON (CONT'D)
                So I Disapparated and came out on
                this hillside. It was dark. I
                didn't have any idea where I was.
                I just had to hope one of you
                would show yourselves in the end.
                And you did.


146   INT. TENT (FOREST OF DEAN) - NIGHT                           146

      Harry lies in his bunk while Ron sits cross-legged,
      warming his hands over a bowl of FLAMES.

                              RON
                I've always liked it. These
                flames Hermione makes.

      Harry peers at the bowl, then beyond the tent flap, sees
      Hermione sitting just outside, keeping watch.

                              RON
                How long you reckon she'll stay
                mad at me?

                              HARRY
                Keep talking `bout that little
                ball of light touching your heart
                -- she'll come round.

                              RON
                It was true. Every word.
                     (a beat)
                You're going to think I'm mental,
                but I think that's why Dumbledore
                left it to me -- the Deluminator.
                I think he knew that at some point
                I'd... need to find my way back.
                And she'd lead me.

      Harry eyes Ron, pondering this. Then suddenly, Ron jumps
      up, grabs his own rucksack and begins to fish through it.

                              RON
                Bloody hell. I just realized.
                You need a wand, right?

                              HARRY
                Yeah...

                              RON
                Well, I've got one. Here. It's
                Blackthorn, ten inches, nothing
                special, but I reckon it'll do. I
                took it off a Snatcher a few weeks
                back.
                              (MORE)
                                                     (CONTINUED)
         110A.
146   CONTINUED:                                                146
                               RON (CONT'D)
                      (whispering)
                 Don't tell Hermione, but they're a
                 bit dim, Snatchers. This one was
                 definitely part Troll. The smell
                 off him...

      Harry points the wand at the flames.




                                                    (CONTINUED)
           111.
146   CONTINUED: (2)                                              146

                              HARRY
                Engorgio.

      The flames FLARE MASSIVELY and Ron leaps back.

                              RON
                Wo.

                              HARRY
                Reducio!

      As the flames subside, Ron pats down a small flare-up on
      the canvas.

                              HERMIONE
                What's going on in there?

                              HARRY/RON
                Nothing.

                              RON
                     (to Harry)
                Maybe a bit more practice, eh?

                              HERMIONE
                We need to talk.

      Ron wheels, sees Hermione standing in the mouth of the
      tent, Life and Lies in hand, looking at Harry.

                              RON
                All right.

                              HERMIONE
                     (ignoring him)
                I want to go and see Xenophilius
                Lovegood.

                              HARRY
                Sorry?

                              HERMIONE
                See this? It's a letter
                Dumbledore wrote to Grindelwald.
                Look at the signature. It's the
                mark again.

      Hermione turns the book in Harry's direction. Dumbledore
      replaced the "A" in Albus with the TRIANGULAR EYE.

                              HERMIONE
                It keeps cropping up. Here. In
                Beedle the Bard. In the graveyard
                in Godric's Hollow -- what?

                                                       (CONTINUED)
          112.
146   CONTINUED: (3)                                             146

      Hermione looks at Harry, who is staring hard at the book.
      Suddenly, we are...


147   INT. VILLAGE STREET - DAWN                                  147

      ... MOVING through the village streets again, PAST the
      cloaked figures, turning down the narrowing alleyway that
      leads toward Gregorovitch's wand shop and... HOLDING on
      the TRIANGULAR SYMBOL scratched crudely into the wall...


148   INT. TENT (FOREST OF DEAN) - SAME TIME - NIGHT              148

      Harry blinks.

                               HARRY
                Jesus.   It was there too.

                               HERMIONE
                Where?

                              HARRY
                Outside Gregorovitch's wand shop.
                on the alley wall...

                              RON
                But what does it mean?

      They all look down at the symbol etched in Dumbledore's
      fine hand in the book.

                              HERMIONE
                Harry, you don't have a clue where
                the next Horcrux is. And neither
                do I. But this, this means
                something. I'm sure of it.

                              RON
                I think Hermione's right. I think
                we ought to go and see Lovegood.
                What say we vote on it? Those in
                favor...

      Ron's hand flies into the air. Harry eyes him knowingly.
      Hermione rolls her eyes, then lifts her hand as well.

                              RON
                Sorry, Harry. Looks like it's
                Hermione and me this time.
         112A.


149   EXT. HILLSIDE - LATE AFTERNOON                              149

      The sun hangs low over a hillside gloriously free of
      snow. Ron leads the way, far ahead of Harry and
      Hermione.

                              HARRY
                Not still mad at him, are you?

                              HERMIONE
                I'm always mad at him.




                                                    (CONTINUED)
           113.
149   CONTINUED:                                                  149

      As we RISE, a STRANGE-LOOKING HOUSE appears in the
      distance, etched like a great black cylinder against the
      sky. Seeing it, Ron turns back, GRINNING as he calls
      out.

                              RON
                Luna?

      Harry and Hermione take a look.

                              HARRY/HERMIONE
                Luna.


150   EXT. LOVEGOOD HOUSE - FRONT DOOR - LATE AFTERNOON           150

      A SIGN is tacked to a door studded with nails: "THE
      QUIBBLER. EDITOR: X. LOVEGOOD. Hermione raps three
      times.

                              RON
                Keep off the dirigible plums.

      Hermione turns, gives him an odd look. Ron points to a
      SIGN: "KEEP OFF THE DIRIGIBLE PLUMS." Just then, the
      door swings open and Xenophilius Lovegood appears,
      barefoot, wearing a soiled nightshirt.

                              XENOPHILIUS LOVEGOOD
                     (to Hermione)
                What is it?
                     (to Ron)
                Who are you?
                     (to Harry)
                What do you want --

      Seeing Harry, Lovegood's jaw goes slack in shock.

                              HARRY
                Hello, Mr. Lovegood. I'm Harry
                Potter. We met a few months back?

      Lovegood's eyes drift to Harry's scar.

                              HARRY
                Would it be okay if we came in?
                It won't take long, sir. I
                promise.
           114.


151   INT. LOVEGOOD HOUSE - PRESS ROOM - LATE AFTERNOON            151

      Great tottering towers of Quibbler back-issues rise to
      the ceiling while an old-fashioned WOODEN PRINTING PRESS
      chugs away in the center of the room, spitting out new
      ones.

                              XENOPHILIUS LOVEGOOD
                Excuse me.

      As Lovegood steps to the wheezing press, the trio glance
      at past QUIBBLERS laying about: MUGGLE MURDERS RISE,
      DOZENS DIE AS DEATH EATERS ATTACK, HARRY IN HIDING, WHERE
      IS THE CHOSEN ONE? YOU-KNOW-WHO CLAIMS ANOTHER VICTIM:
      QUIDDITCH WORLD CUP CANCELLED AMID DEATH THREATS.
      Abruptly, the press goes silent and Lovegood turns.

                             XENOPHILIUS LOVEGOOD
                So. What brings you here, Mr.
                Potter?

                              HARRY
                Well, sir, we need some help.

                              XENOPHILIUS LOVEGOOD
                Ah. Help. I see. Yes, well, the
                thing is, helping Harry Potter,
                rather dangerous these days...

      The trio exchange glances.

                              RON
                Aren't you the one who keeps
                telling everyone it's their first
                duty to help Harry?

                              XENOPHILIUS LOVEGOOD
                I have expressed that view, yes.
                In the past. Would you excuse me
                one moment. I shall return
                shortly and, um, try to help
                you...

      Lovegood dashes from the room.

                              HARRY
                What's going on here?

                              RON
                He's mental. Let's face it.
                Luna's always good value, but
                she's nutty as squirrel poo.

      Just then, Hermione GASPS, points to an ENORMOUS SPIRAL
      HORN mounted on the wall.
                                                     (CONTINUED)
         114A.
151   CONTINUED:                                                151

                              HERMIONE
                Do you see that?




                                                    (CONTINUED)
           115.
151   CONTINUED: (2)                                              151

                              RON
                Well, yeah, of course.    It's
                massive, isn't it?

                               HERMIONE
                No!   Don't go near it!

      Harry stops.

                              HERMIONE
                It's an Erumpent horn. It's a
                Class B Tradeable Material.

      Harry and Ron exchange a "she's mental" glance.

                              RON
                Yeah, all right...

      Just then, Lovegood returns with a TRAY rattling with
      CUPS.

                              XENOPHILIUS LOVEGOOD
                May I offer you all an infusion of
                Gurdyroots? We make it ourselves.

                              HERMIONE
                Where is Luna, sir?

                              XENOPHILIUS LOVEGOOD
                Luna? Oh, um, she'll be along.
                Now how can I help you, Mr.
                Potter?

                              HARRY
                Well, sir, it's about something
                you were wearing around your neck
                at the wedding. A symbol...

                                 XENOPHILIUS LOVEGOOD
                You mean this?

      Lovegood reaches into his nightshirt and pulls out the
      chain with the TRIANGULAR EYE.

                              HARRY
                Yes! Exactly. What we wondered,
                sir, is, well, what is it?

                              XENOPHILIUS LOVEGOOD
                What is it? Well, it's the sign
                of the Deathly Hallows, of course.

                                 HARRY/RON/HERMIONE
                The what?

                                                        (CONTINUED)
             116.
151   CONTINUED: (3)                                                151

                              XENOPHILIUS LOVEGOOD
                The Deathly Hallows. I assume
                you're all familiar with `The Tale
                of the Three Brothers?'

             HERMIONE/RON                      HARRY
      Yes.                           No.

      Harry looks at the others, then Hermione reaches into her
      beaded bag and pulls out The Tales of Beedle the Bard.

                                HERMIONE
                It's in here.

                              XENOPHILIUS LOVEGOOD
                Well, there's no real reason to go
                on unless one is familiar with the
                tale. Why don't you read it
                aloud, Miss...?

                              HERMIONE
                Granger. Well... all right.
                     (opening the book)
                There were once three brothers who
                were traveling along a lonely,
                winding road at twilight --

                              RON
                Midnight. Mum always said
                midnight.
                     (as Hermione glowers)
                But twilight's fine. Better
                actually.

                              HERMIONE
                In time, the brothers reached a
                river too treacherous to pass...

      As Hermione continues, Lovegood looks out the window.    A
      CROW cycles INTO VIEW and we FOLLOW it, the sky
      DARKENING...


152   STORY - EXT. RIVER/BRIDGE - TWILIGHT                           152

      ... as the crow swoops over a river to reveal THREE
      SILHOUETTES.

                              HERMIONE (V.O.)
                But being learned in the magical
                arts, the three brothers simply
                waved their wands and made a
                bridge. They were halfway across
                it when they found their path
                blocked by a hooded figure.
                                                       (CONTINUED)
         117.
152   CONTINUED:                                                152

      A BRIDGE MAGICALLY MATERIALIZES and the three figures
      begin to cross, when the HOODED FIGURE appears.

                              HERMIONE (V.O.)
                It was Death and he felt cheated,
                for travelers usually drowned in
                the river. But Death was cunning.
                He granted each brother a wish for
                their cleverness. The oldest, who
                was a combative man, asked for a
                wand more powerful than any in
                existence. So Death fashioned one
                from an elder tree on the banks of
                the river.

      All of this is dramatized in surreal silhouette.

                              HERMIONE (V.O.)
                The second brother, who was an
                arrogant man, asked for the power
                to recall others from Death. So
                Death plucked a stone from the
                river. Finally Death turned to
                the third brother. A humble man,
                he asked for something that would
                make him disappear. And so it was
                that Death handed over his own
                Cloak of Invisibility. Death then
                stepped aside and the brothers
                went their separate ways...

      We see the brothers cross the bridge, and part.

                              HERMIONE (V.O.)
                The first brother traveled to a
                distant village where, with Elder
                Wand in hand, he killed a wizard
                with whom he had once quarreled.
                Proceeding to an Inn, he bragged
                of his invincibility. But that
                very night...

      We see a wizard, in shadow, slip into a room, KNIFE in
      hand.

                              HERMIONE (V.O.)
                ... another wizard crept upon him
                as he lay sleeping. He took the
                Elder Wand... and slit the
                brother's throat for good measure.
                And so Death took the first
                brother for his own...

      We see the second brother approach a cottage.

                                                      (CONTINUED)
           118.
152   CONTINUED: (2)                                              152

                              HERMIONE (V.O.)
                Meanwhile, the second brother
                journeyed to his home, where he
                took out the stone and turned it
                thrice in hand. To his delight,
                the girl he had once hoped to
                marry before her untimely death
                appeared before him. Yet soon she
                turned sad and cold, for she did
                not belong in the mortal world.
                Driven mad with hopeless longing,
                the second brother killed himself
                so as to join her. And so Death
                took the second brother...

      We see Death etched upon a bleak hillside.

                              HERMIONE (V.O.)
                As for the third brother, Death
                searched for many years but was
                never able to find him. Only when
                he had attained a great age did
                the youngest brother shed the
                Cloak of Invisibility and give it
                to his son. He then greeted Death
                as an old friend and went with him
                gladly, departing this life as
                equals...

      As Death and the third brother retreat, the crow returns,
      beating into the sky, which LIGHTENS, and we PULL BACK...


153   INT. LOVEGOOD HOUSE - PRESS ROOM - DUSK                      153

      ... to find Xenophilius Lovegood staring out the window.
      The sun has nearly vanished over the lip of the hill.

                              XENOPHILIUS LOVEGOOD
                Well, there you are. Those are
                the Deathly Hallows.

                              HARRY
                Sorry... I still don't really
                understand...

      Lovegood turns and, taking quill and parchment, draws a
      STRAIGHT VERTICAL LINE...

                              XENOPHILIUS LOVEGOOD
                The Elder Wand...

      ... then adds a CIRCLE on top of the line...


                                                     (CONTINUED)
         119.
153   CONTINUED:                                                153

                              XENOPHILIUS LOVEGOOD
                The Resurrection Stone...

      ... then encloses both in a TRIANGLE.

                              XENOPHILIUS LOVEGOOD
                The Cloak of Invisibility.
                Together... they make the Deathly
                Hallows. Together... they make
                one master of Death.

      The trio stare at the symbol.

                              HERMIONE
                Mr. Lovegood, does the Peverell
                family have anything to do with
                the Deathly Hallows?
                     (to Harry and Ron)
                That was the name on the grave
                with the mark on it in Godric's
                Hollow. Ignotus Peverell.

                              XENOPHILIUS LOVEGOOD
                Ignotus and his brothers Cadmus
                and Antioch are thought to be the
                original owners of the Hallows and
                therefore the inspiration for the
                story.

      Lovegood's focus abruptly wavers, sadness in his eyes,
      then he blinks, eyes the tea kettle.

                              XENOPHILIUS LOVEGOOD
                Ah, but your tea's grown cold.
                Excuse me, I'll be right back.

                              RON
                     (as Lovegood exits)
                Let's get out of here once he's
                back. I'm not touching this
                stuff, hot or cold.

                              HARRY
                     (lost in thought)
                Which one would you choose if you
                could? Of the Deathly Hallows?

                              HERMIONE
                It's obvious, isn't it?

      All three speak at once:




                                                     (CONTINUED)
           120.
153   CONTINUED: (2)                                              153

                    RON                           HERMIONE
      The Wand.                         The Cloak.

                                HARRY
                  The Stone.

      They glance at each other, amused.

                                RON
                  You're supposed to say the Cloak,
                  but who wants to spend all day
                  being invisible. Dead boring if
                  you ask me. But an unbeatable
                  wand!

                                HERMIONE
                  Its owner grew drunk with power
                  and was murdered.

                                RON
                  Yeah, but imagine what a short
                  wicked life you'd lead.

                                HERMIONE
                       (rolling her eyes)
                  Why the Stone, Harry?

                                HARRY
                  Well, you could bring people back,
                  couldn't you? Mad-Eye.
                  Dumbledore. Sirius. Anybody.

                                HERMIONE
                       (gentle
                  But according to the story they
                  don't want to come back. It's all
                  rubbish anyway. There's no such
                  thing as the Deathly Hallows.

                                HARRY
                  But I have one. The Invisibility
                  Cloak my father left me.

                                HERMIONE
                  There have always been Cloaks --

                                RON
                  Not like Harry's. I've seen a
                  fair few. Dad used to bring home
                  the ones the Ministry confiscated
                  from petty thieves and the like.
                  They always got holes or tears.
                  Harry's is different. It's
                  perfect.

                                                        (CONTINUED)
           121.
153   CONTINUED: (3)                                              153

                              HARRY
                And I think I've actually held the
                Resurrection Stone in my hands,
                that night in Dumbledore's office
                when he showed me the ring he'd
                destroyed, the Horcrux. It had a
                symbol on it. Now I think it was
                the mark of the Hallows.

      The trio stand silently when Lovegood returns.

                                 HERMIONE
                Mr. Lovegood.     Thank you, sir --

                              RON
                You forgot the water.

                                 XENOPHILIUS LOVEGOOD
                The water?

                                 RON
                For the tea.

                                 XENOPHILIUS LOVEGOOD
                Did, didn't I?     How silly of me.

                              HERMIONE
                No matter, sir. We really ought
                to be go--

                              XENOPHILIUS LOVEGOOD
                No, you mustn't --

                                 HARRY
                Sir?

                              XENOPHILIUS LOVEGOOD
                You're my only hope. They were
                angry, you see, about what I'd
                been writing, so they took her.
                They took my Luna...
                     (eyes finding Harry)
                But it's really you they want...

                              HARRY
                Who took her, sir?

      Hermione eyes the printing press. A copy of the Quibbler
      lies stuck under a roller. She reaches out, pulls it
      free, the INK STREAKING over the cover, over HARRY'S FACE
      and the BLAZING HEADLINE: UNDESIRABLE NUMBER #1.




                                                        (CONTINUED)
           122.
153   CONTINUED: (4)                                              153

                              XENOPHILIUS LOVEGOOD
                Him. Surely you call him You-Know-
                Who. But his real name of course
                is... Voldemort.

                                 RON
                Nooooooooo!

      Instantly, out the window, FIGURES on BROOMSTICKS appear
      in the sky, jetting directly toward the house. As Harry,
      Ron and Hermione hit the floor, ROPES of LIGHT ricochet
      off the windowsill. The printing press EXPLODES, raining
      Quibblers everywhere, like a flock of doves, smoking with
      flames. Lovegood waves madly from the window.

                               XENOPHILIUS LOVEGOOD
                Stop!   I've got him --

      Lovegood is blasted off his feet by a Stunning Spell so
      great the chain around his neck flies across the room and
      settles at Harry's feet. Harry glances down, watches the
      symbol of the Deathly Hallows dissolve like mercury, then
      looks up, sees Lovegood streak out the door.

                                 HERMIONE
                Ron!    Harry!   Take my hand!

      Harry and Ron begin to crawl on their knees toward
      Hermione when another volley of spells ricochet about the
      room and -- ping! -- strike the Gurdyroot teapot. As
      Hermione watches, it flies into the air, tumbling end
      over end toward the Erumpent Horn. Harry's hand closes
      on hers, Ron reaches out and...

      ... the teapot strikes the Erumpent Horn.


154   EXT. LOVEGOOD HOUSE - CONTINUOUS ACTION - DUSK                 154

      There is a COLOSSAL EXPLOSION. The second floor of the
      black cylinder ruptures. Quibblers belch into the air
      like confetti as Lovegood narrowly escapes and the Death
      Eaters are engulfed and Harry, Ron and Hermione...


155   EXT. RIVERBANK - DUSK                                          155

      ... tumble INTO VIEW and roll to their feet, barely
      visible in the darkness.

                              RON
                That treacherous old bleeder!     Is
                there no one we can trust!


                                                       (CONTINUED)
           123.
155   CONTINUED:                                                  155

                                 HARRY
                        (softly)
                   They've kidnapped Luna because he
                   supported me. He was just
                   desperate.

      Ron says nothing, then SPITS, clearing the grit from his
      teeth and peers toward the river. Unlike the raging
      force it was the last time they were here, it is little
      more than a trickle now. The trees are eerily quiet.

                                 RON
                   I'll do the enchantments.

      Ron takes out his wand... when Hermione raises her hand,
      stopping him. Her eyes rise. Her breath catches. Ron
      and Harry look. Clinging to the branches of the trees
      above, almost as if a part of the trees themselves,
      are...

      SNATCHERS.

      A wand BLOOMS above, illuminates the face of Scabior.
      Hermione's red scarf, now faded and filthy, dangles from
      his neck. He presses it to his grimy nose, inhales and
      GRINS.

                                 SCABIOR
                   Hello, beautiful.


156   EXT. FOREST - DUSK (MOMENTS LATER)                             156

      Harry, Ron and Hermione DASH through the trees. As they
      diverge, we CUT BACK AND FORTH BETWEEN THE THREE:

      Hermione, swift as the wind, flickers through the trees
      as Scabior pursues her.

      Harry slashes through the river, looks up, and sees a
      Snatcher leap across the divide from one tree to another.

      Ron pounds through thick brush, over a fallen tree.

      The forest grows more dense, the shadows thicken. Spells
      splinter through the trees, ropes of light lace the
      night.

      Hermione stumbles, regains her footing, finds herself in
      a clearing. Another figure pelts toward her: Harry.




                                                       (CONTINUED)
          124.
156   CONTINUED:                                                 156

      They freeze briefly, then the clearing explodes with
      light as spells ricochet. They hit the ground. Hear the
      Snatchers closing in. Harry looks to Hermione. The TIP
      of her WAND GLOWS and her face blooms in the darkness,
      looking mildly demonic. She reaches out, STRIPS HIS
      GLASSES FROM HIS FACE, then points her wand... at him. A
      BURST of WHITE LIGHT strikes him in the eyes. As her
      wand goes dark...


157   EXT. FORTRESS - NIGHT                                      157

      ... he is flying toward a fortress, gliding around the
      high walls, up to the topmost window of the highest
      tower. He passes through the window -- little more than
      a slit -- and...


158   INT. CELL - CONTINUOUS ACTION - NIGHT                      158

      ... finds a SKELETAL FIGURE lying beneath a ragged
      blanket. The figure stirs, looks up, and grins with
      broken teeth. It is the young man -- the thief -- grown
      old. Grindelwald.

                              GRINDELWALD
                Ah, Tom, I thought you would come
                one day. But surely you must know
                I no longer have what you seek...

      A SHADOW -- Voldemort's -- falls across Grindelwald.

                              VOLDEMORT
                If not you, then who?

                              GRINDELWALD
                You're so innocent, Tom. Like a
                schoolboy. There's so much you
                don't understand...

                              VOLDEMORT
                Tell me, Grindelwald. Tell me
                where to find it! Tell me who
                possesses it! The name,
                Grindelwald! The name!

                              GRINDELWALD
                Can't you guess, Tom? It lies
                with him, of course. Buried
                within the earth. It is he who
                possesses it, even in death. Your
                old friend and mine... Dumbledore.
          125.


159   EXT. FOREST - DUSK                                            159

      Harry blinks and IN A (SWOLLEN) BLUR peers at Hermione,
      WHISPERS QUICKLY:

                               HARRY
                They exist.   The Hallows.

      Hermione looks at him expectantly. He nods, his FACE
      SHROUDED IN SHADOW, BARELY VISIBLE.

                              HARRY
                But he only wants the one, the
                last one. That's what he's been
                looking for.

                              HERMIONE
                What're you saying?

                              HARRY
                He knows where it is, You-Know-
                Who. He'll have it by the end of
                the night. He's found the Elder
                Wand.

      As Hermione stares in stunned disbelief, figures emerge
      from the trees. Ron is shoved to the ground next to
      them. Scabior strips Harry and Hermione of their wands.

                              RON
                Don't touch her!

      A fist hits Ron hard.   It's GREYBACK.

                                HERMIONE
                Stop it!

                              SCABIOR
                Your boyfriend'll get worse than
                that if he doesn't behave, lovely.

      Scabior paints her face with light then casts it on
      Harry. Harry peers up, his eyes SWOLLEN to slits, his
      face HORRIBLY MISSHAPEN.

                              SCABIOR
                What happened to you, ugly?

      Harry's hand finds his face, feels the lumps.

                              SCABIOR
                What's your name?

                                HARRY
                Dudely.    Vernon Dudley.
                                                      (CONTINUED)
          126.
159   CONTINUED:                                                 159

                              SCABIOR
                Check the list. And you, ginger?

                                 RON
                Stan Shunpike.

                              SCABIOR
                Like `ell you are. We know skinny
                Stan. Try again.

      Greyback, his boot to Ron's neck, presses harder.

                              RON
                Weasley...
                     (making it up)
                Barney Weasley.

                              SCABIOR
                Weasley, eh? Wouldn't be related
                to that blood traitor Arthur
                Weasley, would you?

                              RON
                Piss off! Arthur Weasley's ten
                times the wizard you are!

                              SCABIOR
                Worth ten times you if I can find
                him. Wasn't you that tipped him
                off, was it?

      Ron stays mute.   Scabior turns to Hermione.

                              SCABIOR
                How `bout you, lovely?   What do
                they call you...?

                              HERMIONE
                Penelope Clearwater. Half-blood.

      Scabior strokes the nape of Hermione's neck, then takes
      her hair in hand, sniffs it.

                              SCABIOR
                You smell like vanilla, Penelope.
                I think you're going to be my
                favorite.

                              SNATCHER
                There's no Vernon Dudley on `ere.

      Reluctantly, Scabior turns from Hermione to Harry.



                                                     (CONTINUED)
          127.
159   CONTINUED: (2)                                             159

                              FENRIR GREYBACK
                Hear that, ugly? The list says
                you're lying. How come you don't
                want us to know who you are? Hm?

                              HARRY
                The list is wrong. I told you who
                I am --

      Scabior puts a finger to his lips, silencing Harry, his
      wand probing Harry's face more closely.

                              SCABIOR
                Change of plans, boys. We won't
                be taking this lot to the
                Ministry.


160   EXT. NIGHT SKY - NIGHT                                      160

      The sea of treetops shift eerily below as we sweep over
      them.


161   EXT. MALFOY MANOR - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER)                   161

      Scabior and the others escort Harry, Ron and Hermione
      past the yew hedges. Hermione eyes the white peacock,
      looking like a ghostly lawn ornament. Harry WHISPERS:

                              HARRY
                What did you put on me?

                              HERMIONE
                A Stinging Jinx.

                              HARRY
                How long will it last?

                               HERMIONE
                Not long.

      Harry glances down, sees his GLASSES cupped in Hermione's
      palm. As he slips them into his pocket, the group
      suddenly slows. Up ahead, on the other side of the gate,
      BELLATRIX, LUCIUS and NARCISSA approach. Scabior grabs
      Harry's arm, pushes his face up to the iron bars.
      Bellatrix steps close.

                               BELLATRIX
                Show me.

      Scabior reaches out and pushes Harry's hair off his
      forehead.

                                                    (CONTINUED)
         128.
161   CONTINUED:                                                161

      Bellatrix points her wand, illuminating the skin.
      Slowly, she smiles. Despite the swelling, one intriguing
      feature can be seen. A SCAR. In the shape of a
      LIGHTNING BOLT? We HOLD, then...

                                                  CUT TO BLACK.




                               THE END

___EOF___


